 It's like a nirvana for active bond managers, like a global bond buffet. There's so much to do. It hasn't been a global bond market in a long time, because as you said, interest rates were low, and they were low everywhere. The 2010s, near zero, pinned near zero. So there wasn't much to do. Now there's so many things moving around like butterflies, you simply take your net, try to find the good ones, and put them in your collection. So we'd say that drop lower your fears and anxieties. First, I'd say there's three things not to do. One, don't try to time the market. Yields are high. They look very good historically. Very good versus expected inflation in the twos, and versus what's typical volatility. So I'd say, generally speaking, you want to be enamored by the bond market opportunities today and lock in today's interest rates. It's total return time. It's time to think about something beyond the yield, potential price gains. And that's what total return strategies are. And that could be, and I don't mean a fund, but I mean the idea of potential gains in prices is what you want, and to put those yields higher, the returns higher. So where do I go, Tony? I mean, I can just go right outside, right now, and get a two-year treasury of 4.8%. Do I do that, or do I go out and maybe take some more credit risk here? How are you guys thinking about it? Intermediate maturities are probably the sweet spot. And the Bloomberg aggregate, which is a compilation of lots of bonds. It's a market cap weighted index. It has about 40% in US Treasuries, 25% agency mortgage-backed securities, and 25% corporate bonds. The average maturity on that, or duration in fancy bond language, lingo, is around six, seven years. Now, I often call those maturities, especially the five-year, the long bond of the short end. And do you think the Federal Reserve is going to be lowering short-term interest rates? The two-year, of course, will rally, but not as much as the five-year will. And so that'll really get moving when the Fed does. My chart of the year right now, I haven't decided yet. And somebody gave it to me. Thank you, out on Twitter. I'm stealing it from you. Is the yield the worst? The old Lehman-Barkley's now Bloomberg index. The global yield to worst. Tony, it's out seven standard deviations off the Volcker-Great Moderation. We've had this shift in the bond market. Do we recover to some form of trend of the Great Moderation? Are we resetting a new vector for total future? Well, the bond market thinks it's a new vector, looking at so for futures, overnight futures. I think the likelihood is that interest rates, the 20-10s is the wrong analog for thinking about the future, meaning that it's more likely that we go back to the yields of past, the past than we do the 20-10s. But not as high as the market's price. The market thinks the Fed won't lower its policy rate less than four. The rest of the decade.