 When you're facing a momentum market to say that momentum is going to stop on a dime is a very difficult call. One of the forces that is propelling the stock market higher of course is the productivity story. You have more labor force engagement. You certainly have the support from the labor market. Both the labor market and the consumer started from a position of strength. So when we think about cooling, it's cooling from a very strong base. When we look at the data, we see things slowing, but it's cooling, but not cool. And we're not expecting things to fall off a cliff right now. This is Bloomberg Surveillance with Jonathan Ferrell, Lisa Abramowitz and Anne-Marie Hordern. Let's get you to the weekend live from New York City this morning. Good morning, good morning for our audience worldwide. This is Bloomberg Surveillance closing out the week and heading towards the weekend, looking for four weeks of gains on the S&P 500. Light on day to this morning with a sprinkle of FedSpeak. Here's the lineup. Fed Governor Waller, President Kashkari, President Daley and for the really committed on Sunday, a chairman power commencement speech later this weekend. I'm sure all around this table are very committed and some of those members on the on the screen, Jonathan, are double dipping for the week. Yesterday, the FedSpeak kind of the same, higher for longer. We need more patience to gain confidence, but I want to bring you to Raphael Bostic. If things that go don't go that way, I'm not locked into a particular course of policy, but if they do go that way, he can see a cut by the end of this year. I love how that's the most dovish thing you can get is one policymaker saying, maybe we'll cut at the end of the year. But I think this week has really showed us there's a difference between relief and surprise. The data we got was relief. Surprise was the first quarter where you have to reshape things. The FedSpeak needs to change. This week was relief. The market maybe starts to see some buying it backs off and you get FedSpeakers who, again, don't change their tune. The same, the same thing. I think we all know the song by now. Here are the lyrics. We need more time. It would take longer to gain that confidence. President Mester, President Barkin. I just think it's going to take a little bit more time. President Williams, I don't expect to get that greater confidence in the very near term. What is greater time, Danny? What is that? A couple of prints, a few months, three, four, five. This is the issue is that you need to see a trend and the data is very nonlinear at this moment. So it's not even about a couple prints. It's about seeing that trend. But this is the problem with the data is that to some degree, these measures are really outdated. They account for a monolith of an economy. We don't have a monolith of economy. We've talked about this how many times. It is a case-shaped recovery. It is hard to get and grapple with this data. And we're seeing that from the Fed. They need more time and they need more data because the data doesn't show us very accurately what's actually happening. That's the United States. We need to talk about China as well. Some data out of China overnight. I'll let me go through it for you. Consumer spending slower since 2022. Industrial output, that's where the upside surprise is. And right on cue, the commentary, the politics, coming from the NEC director. Lail Brainard. China is using the same playbook, Anne-Marie. It has before to power its growth at the expense of others by investing in significant industrial over capacity. And it's not just Lail Brainard. This is what Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen said to me earlier this week. This is what we continuously hear more and more out of the Europeans as well. This concern about this manufacturing base in China and this overcapacity. They are dumping on other markets. What China is going to end up doing now, they tilt even more towards manufacturing, is that they're going to become more vulnerable to tariffs. Like the ones we saw earlier this week from the Biden administration. And I can't help but wonder, Anne-Marie, if that's why China's response was so mild. I mean, we all knew that tariffs were coming right. Every single journalist knew it. Anyone knew that at some point we're going to get tariffs from the U.S. China had such a long time to prepare for this. They could have day of hit the switch and unleash tariffs against the U.S. But they didn't. And again, I can't help but wonder if it's because of this data. We'll catch up with Ender Karin in about 10 minutes time on this story down in Washington, DC. Here are the scores for you this Friday morning. Equity features on the S&P 500 just about unchanged. We're going nowhere. We're hired by a single basis partner 10 year yield. 438.66. And in foreign exchange, the dollar's showing a bit of strength against the weaker euro. We'll talk about what the ECB's got to say about the next move and the move after that. 108.43 on euro-dollar. Coming up this hour, we'll catch up with Geoffrey of BMY Mellon on why you should remain overweight U.S. assets. We'll speak to Ender Karin as China takes new measures to prop up its economy. And Gilles Moec of Accent Investment Managers on the independence of the ECB. We begin with our top story. U.S. stocks and bonds giving up some of their post-CPI gains. Geoffrey of BMY Mellon saying this, we stress that global investors remain heavily overweight U.S. assets, including the dollar, treasuries and U.S. equities. Irrespective of the Fed or U.S. macro, concentration risk needs to be considered and we anticipate diversification to be a feature in the second half of the year. Geoff joins us now for more. Geoff, let's start there. Why wait until the second half of the year? Only a few months away to start considering that. Well, really, markets are waiting for confirmation. A confirmation that, A, we will get policy divergence. Other central banks can go their own ways irrespective of the Fed. And secondly, of course, they need to know where the Fed is as well. We're still looking for easing now to begin in September, later than where we were compared to, say, six months ago. And also, no more shocks elsewhere. And in addition, right now, China is really coming through less about the tariff side. But today, the focus wasn't even on the data. It's about the rescue of the property sector or the supposed rescue. So that really opens up Asia in particular. If you ask me, where are clients least allocated, based on our data relative to benchmark, clearly Asia is where it is. And maybe there's an opening there for flows to redirect. Well, let's build on it then, Geoff. If overweight U.S. assets for now, do you think we might be seeing, perhaps, U.S. exceptionalism playing out fully, peak yields behind us, peak U.S. dollar behind us? Well, let's go through them one by one, right? Looking at the dollar, so we think if you want to go on the short dollar side, then dollar yen is where the biggest downside risk is. But that's as much a Japan story, a yen story as a dollar story. We've discussed Euro dollar before, right? That's where we think dollar is going to be far more resilient. Cable probably somewhere in between inequities. Can we actually see earnings pick up, especially in Asia, driven by some better reflation out of China? We're seeing no global commodity reflation in the industrial side as well. That can benefit Latin America. And we're seeing flows into equities and also into FX as well, earning some carry. So pick your sector, pick your asset very, very carefully to diversify away from U.S. assets. Geoff, and John kind of hinted at this later. And this idea of the ceiling of the dollar is about what Schnabel was talking yesterday and essentially said that what happens in July, it's too soon to say we need more data. We're getting more to an environment where ECB policymakers are talking about this idea of one cut and then they just hang around. What does that do to the dollar? Because a lot of its strength was predicated on a Fed that was pausing and a cutting cycle starting for the rest of the world. Indeed. And if you look at Euro dollars reaction function this week, for example, they're far more reactive to whatever happens to the Fed rather than what's going to happen to the ECB. So somewhat perversely, I would say the market needs a Euro shock run and ECB shock. So I don't think that the ECB can afford to wait until more data points come through. So at some point you're going to need consecutive cuts. So I'm looking for them to start in June, pretty much confirmed. July is needed as well. And then of September. So far more to the extent that Euro dollar will start reacting to downside Euro data to a dovish ECB because to be frank, that isn't happening right now. And I think that is a bit too asymmetric for asset allocation. Geoff, going into next week, the yen is in focus because G7 finance ministers will be meeting in Italy. Are you expecting any more language when it comes to foreign exchange? Yes, I am. But probably we'll be behind the scenes and perhaps there will be just greater concern, expression of concern that some currency misalignments without pointing fingers can be distorted for monetary policy. But again, let's go back to central bank diversion. It's fascinating to look at when Sweden cut rates, for example, other citing issues with the Fed as an inhibited factor rather than the ECB. And we know the Eurozone's Sweden's largest trading partner. Indonesia hiking rates against expectations worried about the Fed and Latin America too. So I guess from Japan's point of view, they would say, well, if your policy is far too tight right now out of your own needs, then there's not much we can do either. So a bit of both ways, rather than pointing fingers only at Tokyo. Geoff, I wonder why Secretary Yellen cares so much. And my mind goes towards maybe the prospect of selling treasuries to manage the currency risk abroad. Geoff, is that something we need to be focused on? 100%. So we're saying global investors are overweight treasuries right now. But looking at our flow data, cross border flows into duration, I would say lackluster at best. It's positive, but not as strong as domestic investors. And now think about this, if not just Japan, but add all the other Asian central banks worried about their own currency weakness, importing inflation, if they need to start to liquidate some of their reserves as a buffer, and those reserves will be in treasuries, then do you want, would the Fed want that to be happening? You know, while they're managing their own policy as well, they've had to slow balance sheet unwinding, for example, had to slow QT. So this is really setting things up. I think the rest of the world will wait for US elections, will wait to see what the fiscal plan is up ahead before making a firmer decision. But this really is going to be a medium to longer term theme. You know, fiscal, everyone needs to look at fiscal tightening. And to be frank, you know, UK probably will need to do a bit better as well, you know, when the next government, you know, comes in irrespective of what comes through. Global funding in reserves for sovereign debt, that is going to be a big question. Jeff, are we seeing any signs of that with the pick up in gold so far this year? Yeah, I think not just this year, but the pick up in gold, irrespective of what happened to US real rates, that decorrelation is a sign that people want to diversify, want some protection, not just against the US, but just a global fiscal pressures. So that's why the OECD highlighted fiscal tightening has to continue globally. And again, we're just going to, you know, see where the US leads, maybe the rest of the world will follow. Oddly enough, I'm less worried about the Eurozone right now, even the southern countries, because of that joint issuance framework, because of the multi-year financial settlement for the Eurozone debt issues, probably another two or three years away. But for the US, UK, some other areas with high levels of net debt to GDP, I think that's something that they need to look at up ahead. And global investors are watching very carefully. Well, to that point, Jeff, in the first quarter, we saw China sell a record amount of US treasuries. It is building across the globe. In fact, so much so, that now private foreign buyers are bigger holders of treasuries than foreign central banks. Jeff, what does that mean for bond market volatility? Because central banks are buyers and holders, they are not trading in and out. What does it mean for the biggest base to be investors instead? So this is what's something that Madam Yellen probably would want to discuss with her Japanese counterparts. So how are they actually executing? So slow declines, slow liquidation, given the size of the treasury auctions right now, they are absorbable. But if you have central banks coming in out of necessity, and we saw this during the early days of the pandemic, before the Fed put in the facilities to actually use repo rather than encourage, well, rather than a face-force selling by central banks, if you get a lot coming in, like the clips that the BOJ and the MOF in Japan were apparently doing, some market estimates, you know, $20 billion, $30 billion in a day, that kind of a size on a regular basis will be very difficult for the US to handle. So that is absolutely should not be the market space case scenario. But these are the things that we need to consider with the treasury market and going back to the point, do you want to be long term investors? So that's where perhaps for the sake of stability, some degree of fiscal restraint needs to be needed. But I'll be really hearing that, you know, from both sides of the debate in the US right now, probably not enough. Is fiscal restraint even enough, Jeff? If we're talking about these levels and the potential for them to continue, as you said, the flow, the Fed had to slow QT in part because of that. Is there some element where maybe they need to stop where even they can continue the project of QT if we see central banks selling like we have? So certainly it is a comprehensive project and the Fed will be looking at that. They'll be managing and they'll be looking at treasury and volatility very, very carefully. But here's where the US, you know, gets perhaps a freer pass compared to the rest of the world. What does the US have productivity, right? So another way to basically grow your way out of debt is through productivity growth. And here's where US equities, the tech scene, it is just so far ahead of everyone else right now. If you look at the growth breakdown from the OECD, for example, so much dependence on public sector investment rather than the private sector contribution to growth, whereas the US, you've got both sides of it. So that's why even though we are worried about US fiscal, the markets will be willing to extend that confidence in US productivity, US innovation for a long time to count. And that's something I'm not questioning right now. Hey, Jeff, you're one of the best. This was deeply thoughtful stuff. Jeff, you there have been why Malin breaking things down. Bram, I wish she was here and didn't start this weekend early because that is real bond bear type stuff from Jeff, you have been why Malin, he mentioned China as well. So the latest from the PBIC cutting the minimum down payment ratio to 15% for first time buyers, 25% for second homes. The previous ratio stood at 20% and 30%. Also, Danny Beijing telling local governments they can acquire homes at reasonable prices and turn them into affordable housing. I mean, this is a project that's going to take a long time, right? If that's what you're doing, if you're converting housing into affordable housing. But at the same time, John, I mean, this is going to put so much stress on the banks. You're compressing their margins even more when it comes to mortgages. Banks are something what, like 13% of the CSI. I mean, this is a big sector for China that they're now putting under pressure and trying to solve housing. But they have to solve this property market. It's been the absolute pressure on China in terms of their recovery and their growth. Today, they're have a whole host of individuals from state, local, top officials, banks discussing what to do when it comes to the property sector. Why this urgency right now? I think because they realize they have no choice. We'll catch up with that at current in just a moment. If you are just joining us, welcome to the program equity futures on the S&P 500 negative here by almost 0.1%. Let's keep an update on stories elsewhere with your Bloomberg brief. Here's your Hara Hakes. Hi, John. Shares of Reddit, surging in pre-market trading after the social media platform announced it will partner with OpenAI and its chat GBT software. The deal would allow Reddit users to access OpenAI's chatbot feature while also letting OpenAI display Reddit content and giving it data access to train its AI systems. Financial terms of the deal were not disclosed. The new sports streaming bundle between Disney, Fox and Warner Brothers Discovery has a name, Venue Sports. The joint venture was unveiled back in February, but no pricing or specific launch date has yet to be announced. Venue is set to combine ESPN Plus and the sports programming from all three companies' linear TV networks. And Xander Shafale shot the lowest round in championship history to take the lead after the first day of golf's second major of the year. The nine under par round of 62 leaves him three shots clear of the field at the top of the leaderboard. Rory McElroy is in a tie for fifth with Masters champion Scotty Shatler one shot further back in a tie for 12th. That's your Bloomberg brief, John. Yeah, Hara, thank you. Fantastic weekend of sport coming up. Plenty of golf for you in the final big weekend at the Premier League. Looking forward to all of that up next on the program, China's playbook under pressure. There are signs that China is exporting its way to recovery. China is using the same playbook it has before to power its growth at the expense of others by investing in significant industrial over capacity. We'll head down to Washington, DC next life from New York City this morning. Good morning. Life from New York City, welcome to the program. Bramo taken a long weekend. Danny Berger in the hot seat this morning. Equity futures on the S&P 500 shaping up as follows. We're negative here by 0.05% on the S&P. Yields are a little bit higher by a single basis point on a 10 year, 438, 66. Under surveillance this morning, China's playbook under pressure. Today at a time when a strong US recovery is under way powered by domestic consumption and investment, there are signs that China is exporting its way to recovery. China is using the same playbook it has before to power its growth at the expense of others by investing in significant industrial over capacity and flooding global markets with artificially cheap exports. So here's the latest right on cue. New dates are out of China showing industrial output rising faster than expected. Beijing also unveiling a rescue package to prop up the property market, easing mortgage rules and encouraging local governments to buy unsold homes for affordable housing. Bloomberg's Alexander Kerrin joins us from Washington for more. And let's talk about the plan. What is this plan and how big a difference will it make? It's the most urgent step by the authorities yet, John. And this is what the world has been waiting for. When would China take a turn on the housing market? What they're going to do is a series of steps that include, for example, making it easier to get mortgages, bringing down the down payment ratio, for instance, on the other hand, the PPSG is going to give about 40, 41 US billion dollars to state owned entities to go out and mop up unsold homes and try and convert those homes into social housing, for example. So it's a suite of steps to intervene in the housing market. And whether or not the actions will necessarily work or how long they take to work, the point is it does now speak to aid's most material step by the authorities to try and turn around the housing market. We had data overnight showing that house prices continue to fall by their steepest actually in a decade. So it speaks to a new urgency, a new degree of intervention that the authorities are now trying to turn around housing. And remember, that sector is broadly between 20 and 25 percent of the overall economy's activity. And this is a bit of problem for years. Why the urgency now? Well, it's clearly a drag on the economy. You look at a data that came out overnight, which we'll probably come to. On the one hand, you have the industrial sector, trade and exports growing quite strongly, clearly propping up the economy, but it's also speaking to a two-speed economy because consumer spending slowed in April to its slowest pace in 2022. And remember, that was in the whole time of COVID-zero and everything else. So clearly the housing sector is a drag on the economy. It's a drag on the recovery and the authorities are now recognizing that and they are trying to turn that around. Of course, it also helps them politically because remember, not just the US, but other countries have said China needs to stoke domestic demand, especially if they're going to mop up all of this stuff that they're making at home. Well, you can't have domestic demand doing well if your housing market's in a funk. And this seems to be an effort to try and at least turn some of that around. Well, when it comes to domestic demand, Paul Donovan of UBS overnight says if the growth target is met through production without domestic consumption, China becomes more vulnerable to trade reprisals in a climate of rising economic nationalism. And he's saying whether or not these accusations are correct. The fact is, the prejudice of politics on that is increasing around the world. Do you think if China remains on this track, we're going to see a lot more tariffs, not just from the US, but also Europe? It's not a good look for the rest of the world. If China is, on the one hand, going gangbusters on exports, its trade, the industrial side is doing well when other industrial sectors like in Germany, for example, are suffering hard. But at the same time, China isn't taking the necessary, painful steps to get its own consumer revved up by borrowing, spending more, and getting the consumption amount side of things revved up. So that is a potent political topic globally. It will be a topic at all of the global forums around the world. And it won't be just the US. We hear similar concerns raised by other key industrializations. And that's why I think there are some optics in all of this. Of course, on the one hand, China is trying to rev up its own domestic economy and intervene in the housing market, which has been in the doldrums now for two to three years or more. But on the other hand, they can also use this, at those global forums, say, look, we are taking steps. We are putting money on the table here. We are trying to step in to turn around our households and our consumers. But, Anda, if Amory, what she was referring to with Paul, if that comes to fruition, if we do see more tariffs coming from Europe, if the rest of the world looks at what China is doing and gets concerned, what is the impact to China? If we are talking about a two speed recovery led by industrials, just how vulnerable is it? I think China clearly is vulnerable to ongoing trade restrictions, ongoing export controls, investment restrictions, tariffs on goods and the like. But you have to say that overall, the economy in China's trade and industrial sector has pretty much shipped what has been thrown out so far reasonably well, or at least better than expected. Remember, the industrial and export side of things was recovering this year, even on their existing US tariffs and various US investment controls and the like. So there is definitely a channel for China to navigate trade tensions. The question becomes, how complicated and how much harder will that be? The more these tariffs and other restrictions mount up on Chinese goods, the US has obviously made their move this week. There will be a lot of interest and focus now, for example, in how Europe responds, especially when it comes to the new clean energy products, EVs, for example. What kind of tariffs, what kind of restrictions will they respond with on Chinese goods? So I would say here to now, you would have to say China has been navigating this okay, given what has been put under industrial sector. The question becomes, what else is coming down the pipe and how long can they hold against that? And let's finish on that, Europe. I think you've nailed it. That's the next big stop for this one. We've been asking for a number of weeks now. I remember this phrase someone used. Who's going to wheat the other capacity? How do you make the Chinese eat their own other capacity? Andress, over to you, Europe. What are you expecting them to do? Well, if you look at the Chinese retail sales outside, John, I mean, all of this starts at home. Car sales in particular were down sharply. So China itself can't buy the cars that it's producing. Those cars are going to go somewhere. And Europe right now is the open market for it. You're getting very mixed signals from the industry there, from car makers, versus the messages coming from, we'll say Berlin and Frankfurt. So I think the European story remains very much an open book in terms of how it plays out, because it isn't uniformed, unified. It isn't a coherent voice, say like the US. But right here right now, you'd have to say it's the best market that China has. And the current thank you, sir, down in Washington DC on the big issues this week in the trade front. I think this is it. Isn't it Europe, front and center? Europe's front and center because they're behind the United States when it comes to these tariffs. And you see the Chinese making real inroads in Europe. But Jonathan, we've been talking about a lot on this program. And Lisa will also question what do European auto officials say in public versus what they say behind the scenes? BMW chairman says we shouldn't, you know, hit ourselves by doing this. We shouldn't hurt ourselves because they want access to China's market. But how actually concerned are they? Because they are dealing with overcapacity. And Mercedes saying the same thing. It's a struggle, I think, to believe them, Danny, that ultimately they want everything to be open in Europe. What's going to happen, do you think, with EVs in Europe if everything's just sort of wide open for Chinese competition? Right. Well, BYD themselves said that they're going to overtake all of the European EV makers by 2030. The European officials are aware of this. They've talked for a long time about investigating China. But China's not doing itself any favors by having Putin there, someone who's talked about the dismantling of Europe. It's a tough sell. I agree with you. Coming up on this program, we'll catch up with Julie Norman of University College London on the divide in Israel over the future of Gaza. That conversation just around the corner. Equity futures on the S&P 500, just a little bit negative on the S&P. We're down by 0.02 percent from New York. This is Bloomberg. Friday morning, treading water in the equity market on the S&P 500 going nowhere. We're doing okay on the Nasdaq. We're positive by 0.06 percent. On the S&P, the Nasdaq and the Russell, we're heading towards four weeks of gains, a four-week winning streak on the S&P 500, the longest going back to early February if we close there. If we switch at the board and get to the bond market, yields were higher. They were higher. Then they were lower for three consecutive weeks on a 10-year. We are down again by about double digits this week. We're up a single basis point this Friday morning to 4.3886 on a two-year going nowhere, 4.7884 at the front end of the yield curve. I want to turn to foreign exchange and talk about the Euro. Danny, you mentioned Isabel Schnabel, executive board member over the European Central Bank, who said based on the current data, a rate cut in July does not seem warranted speaking to the Nikkei newspaper over in Japan. That particular article published this morning. Danny, I wonder if that's to get the Hawks on board for a cup in June. It very well could be because Schnabel is among the more hawkish members of the ECB. I also wonder if it's an admission to some point. How much can we really cut when the Fed isn't? She's talking, of course, about the data coming in, but we've all sat around here and talked about the potential for real Euro weakness if they start a cutting cycle and the Fed doesn't start cutting until 2025. To some degree, that must be proper thinking. Isil Moa, Kavaksa investment manager joining us in about 15 minutes time with some strong thoughts on this topic. So don't miss that conversation. Under surveillance this morning, the higher for longer narrative, taking hold at the Fed. Mester Williams and Barkin all saying it may take more time than expected for inflation to reach 2%. Bostick saying he's grateful to see this week's cooler CPI print, adding it could be appropriate for us to reduce rates towards the end of this year. He's grateful to see that, but how many more of those princes he needs to be grateful for for there to remain to become a trend and not bumps when it comes to inflation. When you look at Loretta Mester, incoming economic information indicates it'll take longer to gain that confidence. John Williams, I don't expect to gain that confidence just yet. We need to see inflation progress. Barkin to get to that 2% in the right kind of way. It's going to take a little bit more time. Time, patience, hopefully they seem grateful and hopeful that'll lead to the confidence. At least someone is hopeful, Anne Marie. Someone needs to be among us. I still go back to this thing. There's been this idea of why isn't the Fed reacting to the softer data we've seen because there has been softer data. Just take something like CPI. What the thing is capturing is everyday people buying milk. Whether you're Jeff Bezos or an everyday person, you're going to be buying a glass of milk. What it's not capturing is what we've been talking about, about the upper class still spending, but they're buying things like assets, real estate. That's not in the data. That's not in CPI. We look at cooler CPI and say, why isn't the Fed moving? That has to be in part because of it. It doesn't capture that. We talked about this yesterday. You used the word softer. Language is important. Softer, not soft. Yes. Cooling, not cool. The difference, I think the distinction is important, isn't it, when you start to see the surprise index roll over into negative territory. Right. And at the same time, if it's just softer and not soft and the Fed starts a cutting cycle, it also reinvigorates this whole other cycle of financial easing. They don't want to do that until they're certain because it has consequences. Particularly after what we saw at the back end of last year until the start of this year, where equity markets ripped, credit spreads tightened, and the story. As we're out of China, new data showing higher than expected growth in manufacturing and exports. The country also announcing new measures to prop up the troubled housing market. The PBOC slashing the floor on minimum interest rates and down payments while encouraging local governments to buy homes. So let's go to the key complaint from Brainard of the National Economic Council, the director over there down in Washington. China is using the same playbook it has before to power its growth at the expense of others by investing in significant industrial over capacity. And then right on cue, we set it at the top of the program. What do you get out of China overnight? You get data that shows industrial output is better than expected and consumption is worse. Consumption is worse. And it's going back to when China was actually in lockdown phase, which that spells that this is really bad when it comes to the consumer in China. Jonathan, this is going to be a huge story going into next week because you have the G7 ministers meeting in Italy. And this is what the Italian minister said. The world as we know it is finishing, adding that a trade war is underway which reflects geopolitical tensions. They're going to be talking about these tariffs and this potential tit for tit between Washington and Beijing. The US has made its move. Can the Europeans actually find agreement on something important like this and do something, find real consensus? I think you know the answer to that. I mean, history would suggest that they struggle to do that. But John, you made such a good point. Where does all this over capacity go? It goes to Europe. The Europeans have a real problem here. The Europeans have a huge problem. And I think when you look at this by the administration, though, they are really going to try to goat them to come along. It is going to be a push, push, push. Like we've seen with sanctions as well on Russia, they're going to push the Europeans to try to do more when it comes to China. That's the latest on China. Here's the latest in the Middle East. A rift is growing in Israel's war cabinet. The Defence Minister joining former opposition leader Benny Gantz, pushing for a post-war plan for Gaza. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has yet to announce a path forward despite growing international pressure. Judy Normand of UCL saying this, in the absence of any plan, the result would be a renewed occupation by Israel, which few want, or a resurgence of Hamas as we are already seeing in the northern Gaza Strip, or even a more radical group. Julie joins us now for more. Julie, you've written about this. I know you've thought about this extensively. What explains Netanyahu's failure to articulate a day after plan? Is it because he doesn't have one, or he knows it won't be welcomed? Well, good morning, Jonathan. I would say this has been a point of tension between the Biden administration and Netanyahu, really since the start of the war, this inability or this unwillingness to articulate what some kind of day after plan might look like. I think some of that is due to the fact that there aren't many good options. Most in Israel do not want a reoccupation of the Gaza Strip. Obviously, no one in Israel wants a Hamas resurgence. The U.S. has been pushing for a sort of revitalized, as they say, Palestinian authority, the entity that currently governs in the West Bank. I'm having some kind of role, but that's where Netanyahu has really pushed back. He does not want to see the PA have a role, and that's where the main sticking point has been between the administration and Netanyahu on this, and where they're starting to be more open-rushed with Netanyahu and other members of the war cabinet as well. Julie, how divided right now is Netanyahu's war cabinet? I would say divided on some things, but not as much of it sometimes I think made out to seem. There's Netanyahu in the middle. He's being pulled further to the right by several members of the war cabinet who are much more outspoken about Israel really taking over Gaza and more extreme kind of measures. A bit more moderated by Gantz and some of the more moderate wing, but even most of those individuals are not talking about a two-state solution. They're not endorsing many of the long-term visions that say the Biden administration and much of the world would like to see. They are really focused a bit more on just saying, we need to have a plan for something in Gaza and this needs to be articulated by the Prime Minister soon. But again, most are very confident on continuing the war. Galat and Secretary Austin had a phone call last night and they were talking about the progress of that maritime corridor that the U.S. has been working on to get more humanitarian aid in. Can you give us a sense of what the state of affairs are right now in Rafe? Yeah, so the conditions in Rafe right now are extremely dire, I would say, going into what might be a major operation. So if people remember back in the early months of the war, many Gazans were encouraged to leave the north and go to the southern city of Rafe on the Egyptian border. So this has been the main site for most people who were displaced in Gaza. Over a million people have been taking refuge there. Now that the operation appears to be underway, Israel is encouraging most of those individuals to start evacuating yet again to other parts of Gaza. So these are people who have already been displaced once, twice, sometimes three times, trying to move yet again to a place that's not only safe from the war but also has the humanitarian capacity to accommodate them. And that's just extremely lacking right now in anywhere in Gaza. Israel, I think, sees Rafe as essential. They see it as necessary for not only ousting the last mass brigades but also for trying to take control of the tunnel network that runs from Egypt into the Gaza Strip. But it's going to be a very difficult operation and it's one that the U.S. and many other partners are very wary about the potential success from what this might look like and, of course, the civilian implications as well. Well, Julie, a lot of what the U.S. has said, and even Netanyahu has mentioned this to a point, that afterwards that Arab nations need to come together to rebuild Israel. But I'm Gaza, rather. But I'm reminded of the Camp David Accords when Egypt did not want any part of Gaza. Is that really realistic, Jugalid, that Arab nations would come together, especially with a threat potentially of Hamas still there and rebuild Gaza? Yeah, it's a great question. And I would say this is where a lot of Blinken's diplomacy in particular has been focused in these past few months. He's been doing all this very crucial shuttle diplomacy in the region and quite remarkably has gotten a tacit commitment from most Arab states in the region that they would support reconstruction in Gaza. But that would need to be tied from their perspective to some kind of plan for a Palestinian state for a two state solution. So this is the tension that the Biden administration has been working with. Netanyahu, obviously, is not endorsing a two state solution. So it's this question of would these states still commit to reconstruction without that peace? And I think that's very unlikely. They don't want to see us coming in kind of riding on the backs of Israel, so to speak, after this after this war without that kind of guarantee of a move towards statehood. Julie, given the fact that it's in the middle of a humanitarian crisis, what would that actually look like to have local Palestinians yet again involved in government? How do they build up that kind of political force at a moment where many folks are just struggling trying to find a place that's safe? Yeah, absolutely. I would say one piece that's missing from a lot of this conversation is local Palestinian voices, what people want to do, what they are able to do, and what capacity they have to do that. Obviously, just the day-to-day living conditions make that kind of organizing, governance, etc. very difficult. But obviously, people are hoping in a post-war context that would be a bit more viable. What I will say is there's obviously a lot of Palestinian support for a viable state. Hamas has obviously had control of Gaza for quite a while, but they are not the only actor that I think could lead in the future. But I think that future is still quite a long time away, and it's going to take a while to get there after this kind of war. Julie, the risk was always clear for the Israelis. In fact, people warned the Israeli government directly about it after the terrorist attacks in early October that their response could risk losing support on the international stage. We're seeing that happen. Do you see that loss of support on the international stage, particularly by some Western governments, influencing being a factor on the ground to the decision-making of this government in Israel? I don't think so much, actually. Netanyahu in particular, I think, feels, he's used to, from his perspective, it's feeling like the world does not support Israel and all of their operations and whatnot. I think the main actor that matters for Israel is the U.S. and some of the tensions that have obviously arisen between Netanyahu and Biden over this period. Especially when it gets to tangible elements like withholding aid. We saw a brief pause on some of the military aid that goes to Israel from the Biden administration over this Ra'fa invasion in particular. I think it's only when it gets really down to that level that there's a lot of pressure. But again, it's really more from the U.S. as this key ally. I think Netanyahu has been very clear in his statements otherwise, saying, look, whatever the world thinks, we're going to go ahead and do what we think we need to do. And I believe that's been his mentality throughout and will continue to be as well. Julie, as we get closer to November election, how difficult is it going to be for this relationship, the U.S. and Jerusalem? Yeah, I mean, obviously, we're already seeing this is obviously not what Biden wanted going into this last six months of the campaign to have this open rift in his party over the war and then this increasing rift between him and Netanyahu. From the Biden administration's perspective, I think they're hoping there will still be a ceasefire, that there will still be a diplomatic solution. But as long as that is as elusive, this is just going to continue to be, I think, a foreign policy issues that weighs quite heavily on Biden and will really complicate his ability to campaign effectively in places he needs to, especially around young people and college campuses. We see it in some of the polling, poll after poll. Julie, thank you for this morning. Appreciate your perspective. Julie Norman there of UCL. Let's give an update on stories elsewhere this morning. Corisio Bloomberg brief with Ihara Hakis. Hi, John. ECB executive board member Isabel Schnabel warned against back-to-back interest rate cuts in June and July. Speaking to Nikkei newspaper, she said, quote, based on current data, a rate cut in July does not seem warranted. We should look very carefully at the data because there is a risk of easing prematurely. As Eurozone inflation nears the 2% target, ECB officials are in agreement over an initial rate reduction next month, but have been wary of discussing what will happen beyond that. Dolce and Gabbana is being sued by a customer because an NFT outfit they spent $6,000 on to wear in the metaverse lost 97% of its value. The Italian fashion house is accused of mishandling their delivery of the NFT after the digital outfit allegedly showed up 20 days late. Plus, the customer said the NFT was only usable in a metaverse platform with, quote, barely any users. And English football's Premier League will come down to the last day of the season. If Manchester City beats West Ham on Sunday, they'll seal a record fourth consecutive league title. But if they draw or lose an Arsenal beat manages to beat Everton, the title will head to North London for the first time since 2004. The final round of matches kick off at 11 a.m. Eastern on Sunday. That's your rumor brief, John. Yeah, thank you. Okay, I never thought I'd do this. I'm not going to talk about a football. Dolce and Gabbana is being sued by a customer because of an NFT outfit they spent $6,000 on. I just don't understand how you can spend money for a luxury good, but not physically have the good. It's just a metaverse. It's digital, like a digital look. And now they're complaining about it. I was going to say, how do you blame Dolce and Gabbana for this? It's just you bought an NFT. You were left holding the bag like everybody else. That's not their fault. Losing 97% of its value. My goodness. Okay. Up next on this program, the Everpatient Federal Reserve. The FOMC remains fully committed to returning inflation to our 2% goal, holding our restrictive stance for longer is prudent at this point as we gain clarity about the path of inflation. They want more time. That conversation just around the corner, life from New York. This is Bloomberg. Equity futures, trading water, going nowhere. We're just about unchanged on the S&P 500. Yield to higher by a single basis point on a 10 year 439. Under surveillance this morning, the Everpatient Federal Reserve. The FOMC remains fully committed to returning inflation to our 2% goal because price stability is critical for the long run health of the labor market, the overall economy, and the stability of the financial system. Holding our restrictive stance for longer is prudent at this point as we gain clarity about the path of inflation. It's the latest this morning. Central banks diverging on their path forward. Fed officials maintaining the central bank should hold rates higher for longer, while the ECB gears up to begin cutting next month. Jil Moa, a Kebaksa group, saying this. We are concerned about the risk of an intellectual contagion from the debates in the US. The risks are asymmetric across the Atlantic. Reading Europe with American lenses could lead to costly policy mistakes. Jil joins us now for more. Jil, wonderful perspective, sir. Do you see that as a very real and evident risk right now in Europe? As usual, the US market is the dominant market of the world. There might be a sense in Europe that diverging too much from what the Fed is about to do or about not to do would actually trigger a further weakening of our currency, which in turn would trigger more important inflation and would make our own progress towards our inflation target harder to hit. There is this contagion channel, which is pretty traditional in policymaking in Europe. What I would venture is that, first of all, the inflation story in Europe is clearer than in the US. It's heading down, I think, in a more obvious manner than the US. Second, when we still have issues with our inflationary process in Europe, it doesn't have anything to do with imported inflation. It's usually about domestic forces, services in inflation in particular. Even if we had a further depreciation of the Euro in case of a growing divergence with the Fed, I don't think it would massively change the picture for our inflation forecast. Sir, you think they should de-emphasize the importance of the FX channel? Is that right? Yes. There was something that was very obvious in the latest minutes of the CDE government council that clearly spent quite a bit of time talking about inflation in the US, talking about what it meant for the Fed. Again, it's obvious the Fed is the biggest, the most important central bank of the world. You could not completely ignore it, but our inflation story on this side of the pond is very, very different. Danny mentioned what we heard from Isabel Schnabel in the Japanese newspaper Nikkei, saying, based on current data, a rate current July does not seem warranted. Gilles, based on what you just said, what's your reaction to that communication from a key executive board member? I think what's interesting on the positive side, if you want to worry on the dovish side, since it's usually my tribe, is that they're already talking about the next cuts. The June cut seems to be completely in the back, which in a way you could find reassuring coming from someone like Isabel Schnabel, who can be a hawk. But you can see how the conversation is already foxying on. Wow, we have to be very careful. We have to be very, very patient, very slow in our own process. The risk there is that you end up actually undershooting your inflation targets. And it's not a theoretical issue. The central bank of Sweden has just had two cut rates without waiting for the ECB or without waiting for the Fed. And when you look at their own inflation forecast, they already have inflation below 2%. In the latest forecast we've had from the Bank of England, same thing for 2026, they're clearly concerned that inflation could fall below 2%. So I understand we need to be prudent. And as far as I know, no one is calling for a rate cut in July. I'm not calling for a rate cut in July. I think September would be fine after June. But it's a sign of the ongoing tension within the governing council. The debate has shifted from should we cut or not. That's fine to how quickly. And the fact that Schnabel is already warning against a July cut, I think betrays this and reflects this internal tension at the governing council. What I can't understand is what's even the point then of cutting in June? What difference does it make if you cut in June and then you pause for a while? Let's say you go in September. We're talking about 25 basis points here. We're talking about only a few months apart. Why is this such a vigorous debate? I think it's a vigorous debate because the inflection point in your stance is always the most important one. Because obviously the ECB has been hiking for a while as continued hiking later than the Fed. The Fed stopped three months before the ECB. So there's a lot of symbolic and policy focus around the infection point. When do you start cutting? Because everyone knows that once you started cutting, well, it's usually the beginning of a trajectory. And it may come in July. It may come in September. It doesn't really matter. You are on the downward trend. So the biggest fight if you want was on should we cut at all? That's now completely in the bag. Now we're talking about the trajectory. And then I think it's actually less problematic if the ECB waits for two or three months after having provided this first cut. Because the entire market will know, okay, it may take a bit of time, but the direction of travel is super clear. But is it the same this time around? This isn't a classic cutting cycle as most of us know it. This isn't a recession that the ECB needs to get somewhere in a hurry. As you say, they can take their time. This is more of a mid-cycle tweak. So can we really look at it the same way that this is as big of an inflection point as it usually is when an ECB, when a central bank starts to cut? I think it's still, it really still matters because you've precisely because we've got this issue of potential divergence with the Fed. There is in the market a very strongly held belief that usually it's the Fed which sets the tone. So I think that from a symbolic and more than symbolic from a policy point of view, that the ECB would in June take the risk of diverging for the Fed, making its decision for itself without necessarily waiting for what happens in across the Atlantic. I think it's a very, very strong signal that indeed monetary policy in Europe is decided based on the inflationary presses in Europe. We cannot entirely ignore whatever comes from the exchange rate channel, but 90% of our decision making should be based on domestic development. So I agree with you, there is no recession we need to deal with at this moment. But I think the ECB needs to send this very clear message to the rest of the world really and to public opinion in Europe. We make our decisions based on what is good for Europe. And the fact that the Fed is facing currently difficulties with a less clear disinflationary process should not stop the ECB from making the right decisions. Joe, enjoy talking about this. As always, sir, it's great to catch up. Joe Mawak there of AXA Investment Managers on the prospect of intellectual contagion and the risk of viewing Europe with American lenses. What do you make of that? I mean, it's exactly what the market is doing. When we had the dollar finally come down this week after CPI, you know what everything else priced in, they said, oh, well, now the ECB, now the UK, now they have more room to cut. I get it. You don't want this intellectual contagion, but the currency markets matter. The ECB talks about it. So yes, you can say that the inflation picture in Europe is different, but they're impacted by the US. They can't escape that. The US just dominates. It's the Fed that dominates and normally would be leading this path. But the disinflationary story to Jill's point is just not there the same way it is in Europe. So Europe needs to look internally in idiosyncratic way. The importance of the FX channel, you know, it's not going to affect the start point. They're going to go in June potentially. But to your point, Danny, does it shape the limits of how far they can go? Not when they start, but how far they can go. And I think we'll might hear more language like is about schnaublesing we can cut now, but then we need to wait because again, the Fed hasn't started their cutting cycle. Second hour of Bloomberg surveillance coming up next. We'll catch up with Katie Kaminski of Alpha Simplex, Bloomberg's Mandeep Singh, Megan Robson at BMP Paribas, and Aditya Bahar of Bank of America. That's all coming up from New York City. This is Blinkback. Fed's ML historically has been sit on your hands, don't do anything until you're really forced to move. There's a question of do we have to be right at 2% for them to feel like they've achieved what needs to be achieved? They don't need to see 2%. They've told us they want to see it moving down towards 2%. We are at the start of a bumpy ride lower in inflation. We are on this trajectory towards a more normal inflation environment. This is Bloomberg's surveillance with Jonathan Ferrell, Lisa Abramowitz and Ann Marie Hordern. I'm getting a hard time in a commercial brace this morning. Life from New York City. Good morning, good morning. Your equity market on the S&P 500. Just about unchanged. Going into the weekend looking for four weeks of games, you're opening bow a few hours away. We said it yesterday. There's a few ways to look at the US consumer. Here's three. You can talk to bank executives, you can look at the economic data, or you can listen to the retailers. This came from Walmart yesterday. We are seeing customers trade into Walmart. High income earners going to Walmart. We heard this from Starbucks a few weeks ago. We continue to feel the impact of a more cautious consumer. And even from McDonald's, the consumer is certainly being very discriminating in how they spend. We've heard this from company after company over the last few weeks. And this matches up with the latest consumer sentiment we've seen in some of these surveys. It also goes into what I know Muhammad will be with us the next hour. Muhammad Eilarian talked about the transitory camped mist in 2021 as they weren't on the earnings call. They weren't listening to the CEOs saying you see inflationary pressures. Now when you get on the earnings call, you can see actually the consumer is having some of these issues keeping up with that pace that they were buying at Walmart. Right. And I think the Walmart point is a really important one because before when we were talking about Starbucks, we're talking about McDonald's. We're basically saying, look, this is the lower end consumer. What Walmart is talking about is more middle to upper starting to trade down. Now, sure, maybe the upper upper echelons are still spending and are still okay. But if it's the income earning class as a whole, that's feeling the pain. That is likely enough to see disinflation. How does that commentary stack up with what we're seeing in the economic data and what we're hearing from the bank execs? Well, what we're seeing in the economic data, you saw retail sales, those started to slow down. But then the banking execs, you hear credit card spending, that all looks good. Jamie Dimon, he's talking about yesterday with Francine some of his concerns, but in his last earnings, he said, hey, the consumer is still good. So there is still a mismatch here. It is nonlinear. And I think that's confusing a lot of people. It's mixed in some levels, but we are seeing also credit card delinquencies. Also, more people are having to pick up a second job in order to pay for all of their bills and everything they want to buy. Maybe the consumer is buying more, but how are they getting to that point? You can see there is pressure on the consumer. That's what the White House is fighting, going into the election a little bit later this year in November. If you are just joining us, welcome to the program. Let's start with the scores. Equity futures on the S&P 500 just about unchanged. As I said, we're going towards the weekend looking for four weeks of gains on both the S&P, the NASDAQ and the Russell as well. Yields are hired by a single basis point on the session on the week. We're down by about double digits on a 10-year. You're yield at the moment 439 in foreign exchange. Dollar showing a bit of strength. The euro's some weakness on that currency pair. 108. 39. Coming up, we'll catch up with Katie Kaminski of Alpha Simplex on the two views polarizing markets. Bloomberg's Mandeep Singh with Apple on track for its best month in over a month and Bank of America's Aditya Bahave with a contrarian view on the state of the US consumer. We begin with our top story. Stocks on pause with markets at a crossroad. Katie Kaminski of Alpha Simplex writing this, the market seems to be polarized between two views, bullish view on equities and growth versus worry over sticky inflation and higher for longer. As a result, trend signals with long equities with short fixed income, long dollar and long commodities. Katie joins us now for more. Katie, let's just sort of break it down into its individual parts and start with the bond market. Last time we spoke, you said there were more reasons to be short. What's happened in between conversations? Well, I mean, we've really seen a pullback this month based on inflation coming not as hot as people might have been worried about. And so I think we're getting closer to a point where we might actually see cuts this year. We know the Fed wants to cut. I think this trend, it's been very confusing. Look at bonds. They're trading a lot more like equities. Fall is high and on the year bonds are down. So I think the really big question is going to be who wins? Is it the inflation narrative staying longer or is it that equities are right that we can sort of smooth in to rate cuts this year? So far, signals are still short and fixed income because look at the long-term trend. It's still there despite the recent pullback. So if you can help us, go through what you're positioned for right now, bonds versus commodities and let's throw foreign exchange in there too. So I'd say right now what you see is that the short bond signals really tell you higher for longer. You're also seeing in the commodity markets and I think that's the thing that we're watching the most. Massive moves in commodities this year. Commodity indices are up over 10%. Take a look at the precious metals. Copper in particular has been up tremendously lately. So these are signs that are not talking about the consumer but really talking about prices of raw goods. And I think you're still seeing that mixed picture where cross-asset themes suggest higher for longer and concern that it's going to take a longer to get over the inflation issue and get inflation down than people would like. It's very fascinating as well that the ECB might cut first. In some sense, that'll be a good proof point to see what happens when someone actually starts when a large economy like the ECB starts cutting. Let's go there then, Katie. What are you looking for? What are the risks and potential takeaways from the reaction of the bond market to the ECB that you can apply to the U.S.? Well, if you look at inflation data, it looks steadier in the Eurozone and the Eurozone has definitely seen more restrictive effects of policy. And thus, like your previous guest said, more position to kind of have to deal with that issue. The U.S. is more confusing because the data is just much more mixed. So it'll be interesting to see how the market actually reacts. And if indeed we do see a pop-up in inflation, which is sort of your upside risk in the Eurozone, then it's really going to get interesting this summer. So there's really a lot of things that can cause markets to be very trendy but also very volatile as we try to navigate this pivot. And that's exactly what we've had, Katie. We've had huge amounts of volatility. You and the team have done the research that bond volatility is something like 50 percent above its pre-2022 level. That's great for you and the team at Alpha Simplex who can trade in and out of bonds. What about the rest of investors, Katie, that view bonds as something that you buy and you hold? How does it change things when you see this market that's known for being stayed, being more volatile in some cases, more than equities and more than FX? This is a very good point. And I think it's the biggest and most important thing for investors to take home. When you're thinking about bonds as a risk-off asset, as a risk-free safe haven asset, that is not the case in an environment when inflation comes into play. In fact, bond stock correlation has been positive for quite some time and bond volatility is higher. Like I said, bonds trade a little bit more like equities. This means that investors need to look around and find things that actually like inflation and like this type of environment, that actually complement their portfolios because you just don't have that flight to safety asset. In the traditional sense, when we think about stocks going down, we think about bonds being there as our ballast. And in fact, when we're dealing with inflation, that ballast is just not as good. So are there strategies then, Katie, that going forward should cease to exist, that investors shouldn't be looking into anymore? I'm thinking of the risk parity, the 60-40s. We've talked about the death of them for a long time. It hasn't happened. Is this it? No, I would say they still are there as an important tool in your portfolio. But your portfolio isn't complete. You need to start thinking about what assets will benefit from changes in inflation, things like commodity exposure, things like assets that have real estate, for example. So really diversifying your portfolio to be aware of the potential vulnerabilities of fixed cash flows in an inflation environment. Katie, I think you said it at the start of the conversation, the risk mitigation characteristics required depends on what you think the dominant risk actually is. And when we go through your quote again, the market seems to be polarized between two views, a bullish few on equities and growth versus over sticky inflation and high for longer. What are the two ballasts you need in the portfolio to account for some of the risks out there given how polarized they are at the moment? This is a good point because usually we just worry about recession. We worry about equities going down. Right now, we have to worry about the impact of inflation. And that's precisely the risk that you saw manifest itself in April. I know we've already forgotten about it after last week's big rally. But the truth is the key risks that we're facing is more that inflation is really causing stress in our system. And thus, a risk for investors is very different from a pre-COVID type of risk, where we're thinking about how inflation will affect all the assets that we hold and will cause divergence across both monetary policy and also across regions geographically. And this takes us to the commodity market, which you've already referenced. It's a broad place, a broad space. Katie, what would you pick out in the commodity market right now? Is it base metals, precious metals, fossil fuels? Where do you want to be? So, so far, the things that have really been working this year, I mean, take a look at Copper, Coco, some of these big commodities that have moved. I highlighted that the index is up over 11%. But you're also seeing, I think, the most interesting trend to start watching. The one sector that has been disinflationary this year to date has been agricultural. And you've actually seen things like corn, wheat, soy, many of the agricultural products actually starting to pivot for the first time just as we're talking about cuts. So that, to me, is very interesting. Watch energy. It's continued to move up as well. So all of these things are definitely putting a headwind against this inflation narrative. And they're going to make this more tricky this summer. Katie, one metal you didn't mention is gold, continues to rise. But there's a lot of different reasons why some strategists say it will continue on this trajectory. What do you make of gold ascent? So gold is often seen as a great safe haven investment for inflation. And so what was interesting to me is just to watch the tremendous acceleration in gold around the time where people started to get re-concerned about inflation, particularly April. But what's even more interesting is that it's continued into May. So it seems in some sense that people are thinking about gold as their safe haven asset instead of bonds given the volatility and the risk off properties dissipating in those assets. So I think gold is something to watch as a barometer of how people feel about the realities of inflation. Katie, thank you. Katie Kaminski there of Alpha Simplex on a range of issues, but also echoing what we heard from Jeff Yew about an hour ago, the risk around central bank reserves maybe shifting away from treasuries and going towards gold. Yeah, you know what I also think is interesting about this? One is just it could cause more bond market volatility to kind of tie the two things she was talking about, because central banks, they hold bonds, they won't be mass sellers. But also Jamie Dimon kind of got at this yesterday. The idea of what bank regulation is also doing to the bond market, because if you have banks more regulated, they can't hold bonds on their balance sheet as they once did in mass. What happens when there's a lot of sellers? You don't have banks who can step in and buy it. And again, this feeds into this idea that bond market volatility is ratcheted up another level. A great conversation with Francine yesterday and the JP Morgan CEO. There's a line that stands out from that conversation for me. There's a lot of inflationary forces in front of us. And then it gives us a list, the green economy, remiteterization, infrastructure spending, trade disputes, large fiscal deficits. It reminds me of something Mohammed said repeatedly on this program. Yes, this is all about the fiscal spending out of the United States and other places, but mostly through the US, which is why we have seen basically US exceptionalism and why potentially Jamie Diamond is saying those inflationary forces will remain is because whether or not you get a red or blue White House, you are going to see more fiscal spending coming out of Washington. Mohammed Al-Aryan joining us in about 48 minutes time. Don't miss that. Equity futures right now on the S&P. Just about unchanged. Go and know where it's a calm Friday morning so far. Let's get you an update on stories elsewhere. Here is your Bloomberg brief with Yahaira Hackers. Hey, Yahaira. Hi, John. ECB executive board member Isabel Schnabel warning against back-to-back interest rate cuts in June and July. Speaking to Nikkei newspaper, she said, quote, based on current data, a rate cut in July does not seem warranted. We should look very carefully at the data because there is a risk of easing prematurely. As Eurozone inflation nears the 2% target, ECB officials are in agreement over an initial rate cut next month, but have been wary of discussing what will happen beyond that. China announced its most forceful attempt yet to stabilize its property sector. Chinese authorities unveiled new measures, including scrapping its nationwide minimum mortgage rate and cutting the amount home buyers need for a deposit. Plus, it's encouraging local authorities to buy unsold homes from developers and turn them into affordable housing. The significant move showing an urgency by policymakers after data showed home prices in April recorded the steepest month-on-month drop in a decade. And a deadly storm in Texas has killed at least four people and left more than 800,000 without power. Intense rainfall and heavy winds barreled through the Houston area on Thursday, blowing out windows on skyscrapers in the center of the city. The storm hit just as the grid again warned of a potential power emergency. Houston is under a flood warning through Tuesday with more rain expected over the weekend. That's your Bloomberg brief, John. Yeah, thank you. Thinking of everyone in the affected areas this morning, that's for sure. More from your heart in about 30 minutes time. Up next on this program, AI optimism fueling gains. We're about to enter an incredible new world, which is the world of artificial intelligence. We're going to see just some incredible new ways to run our businesses. We'll be talking about some of those new ways. Up next on the program, live from New York this morning. Good morning. Equity futures on the S&P just about unchanged. As I've said repeatedly, light on economic data throughout today. Going into the weekend, there are lots of feds, you hear from Waller, Kashkari, you hear from Daly as well and Powell over the weekend, a commencement speech. Now, I think you've got to be a very committed fed watcher to watch a commencement speech, but if you really want to do that, it's Georgetown Law. Pretend you've got a student there. I don't know. Drop by. How does this work? I don't know, but are you going to watch that or Premier League? I'm watching the football. I'm not watching that. Are you kidding me? You're as likely to get fed policy from Premier League and from Powell giving this speech. I think you're safe. Far more interested in the final weekend of football than English Premier League. You're interrupted by two basis points on a 10-year, 439-64. Under surveillance this morning, AI optimism fueling gains. Right now, we're about to enter an incredible new world, which is the world of artificial intelligence and how it's going to transform these customer relationships. And I think we're about to see some technology that we never thought we'd see in our lifetimes. We're going to see just some incredible new ways to run our businesses. Here's the latest this morning. Apple shares on pace for their best month in over a year. The latest leg of the rally coming after a Bloomberg report that the company is closing in on a deal with Open AI to use chat GBT in the new iPhone. Mandeep Singh of Bloomberg Intelligence has been very focused on this for a while. Mandeep, how very real is this offering? I mean, this is table stakes now. When you look at, you know, what Android offers you now, especially the Pixel phone that Google has, it's got so many on-device AI features that when I look at the next six months, they're going to make a lot of progress in terms of Android offering you features that Apple doesn't have. And so in this case, Apple has two choices. Continue to rely on Google to give them the features or partner with Open AI. And I think in this case, they'll do both because they're getting that $25 billion from Google every year, you know, for them to be the default. And Open AI kind of gives them the variety where they could deploy it for certain type of features on the phone, not for everything. They still have to rely on Google search for maps and for, you know, the traditional search, but for certain generative AI features, Open AI is a good bet. How easy is it to do this? How much innovation do you need from the old iPhone to the new iPhone to carry this kind of technology? I mean, what Apple has going for them for the last 10 years is the fact that they vertically integrate. They own the chip, they can add as many features as they want at the chip level, they own the operating system. And so clearly that vertical integration will come in handy to incorporate, you know, Open AI or whatever features they want to add. I don't think they have anything homegrown, which is the problem that Apple has when it comes to generative AI. But clearly they can do a lot of innovation at the chip level with the market is hoping for they're going to show at WWDC. Tim Cook said that they're going to have an edge in AI, but if they don't have anything homegrown, where do they get that edge? I think right now, I mean, I know Apple is very secretive about everything they do, but clearly if you don't have your own large-language model, what are you going to show at WWDC? I mean, that's to me is like, yes, I know there's some surprise in the store, but we know they don't have their own large-language model that's comparable to Open AI and to Google Gemini. And so that to me is the key concern that you still have to rely on these companies for the features. There's no way out. Yeah, but who isn't trying to ink a deal with chat? GBT right now was Reddit, right? That also recently said that we're doing a deal with them. Is it even an edge at this point? Or is it just if you don't have a deal with chat GBT or something similar, some sort of AI you are behind? Well, in Reddit's case, I would say open AI needs Reddit data for training its model more than Reddit needing chat GBT because look, even Google's LLM relies on Reddit's data. You have to remember these models have to be constantly trained every two months because that's how you make the model current. And the best source of data is Reddit data, Twitter data, all these forums that are there. I mean, these large-language models, the intelligence comes from these large data sets that's out there. Have they given up on Siri? Well, so part of the Open AI deal, again, it's just a speculation at this point of time, is aimed at improving Siri because what Google showed is you can have an assistant without having to toggle through the apps. So right now on Android, you don't need to toggle through the app to go to their voice assistant. It's there all the time and it's contextually aware. So that's a big enhancement because it's at the operating system level. I think with Siri, they need to do something similar in terms of the voice features that you don't have to toggle through the app all the time. You can ask Siri a question because it's constantly available all the time. So we often joke that our phone's listening to us. I'm deadly serious. I know it is. Are you saying in the future it actually is going to and be open and honest about it? It has to because that's how you're going to drive the productivity. If you have to copy that PDF and paste it or open the app every time, it's not going to be fun using it. So it has to be listening to you all the time with the hope that they are privacy conscious, which Apple is and they've kind of proven that over the years. But clearly, it's listening to you all the time. It is, especially when you're on Instagram and then ads start coming towards you on a brand you were just talking to your friend about. Conspiracy theories, they say, but I stand by my thoughts on this. I'm convinced they're listening to us. Well, I feel like I've lived it, so I'm not convinced. I believe it. But this Jatt GBT, whatever they're about to announce, it's going to go on an operating system. So can you use your old phone and download the new operating system or are they really going to try to push new iPhones with this? I mean, one thing we have realized with a generative AI is it consumes a lot of power. So your older processors, whether it's at the server level or at the PC or smartphone level, are not good enough to run the kind of workloads that Jatt GBT runs on. And so clearly, it's hope, like, I mean, you can hope that it drives a big hardware refresh cycle. But again, it comes down to the features you're offering and whether it's worthy of an upgrade. We haven't seen that from Apple yet. The WWDC is a big catalyst. I mean, I really fear if people are disappointed, you're going to see a big reaction at the stock level. Mandib, I can't help but wonder, though, okay, that's all great. Maybe we get an upgrade cycle. Maybe we're really excited about whatever AI features they're going to have. But what about places like emerging markets? What about lower end consumers who are concerned about prices right now? Presumably the next models, they're going to be expensive if they're going to have these features. How does Apple solve that problem? I mean, I think with Apple, they have that brand that they can get that extra dollars when it comes to, you know, that purchase that everyone wants to have the luxurious purchase. And so I'm not that worried about that. The China factor they did downplay it in their last earnings, I still think there is, you know, when you look at the data, the sell-in versus sell-through, you can clearly see they aren't selling as many phones. But Tim Coat did downplay that, you know, the China revenue is not as bad as everyone fears. Well, the market agreed with that. Apple's been on quite the streak recently, still down year to date, but it's still doing better. So what are investors just having the wool pulled over their eyes on just AI? Are they ignoring still a weak China story? I mean, you have to remember the $110 billion buyback. That's almost 3% of the market cap. So, you know, when you come out with that kind of capital allocation, which they have been great at, I think the market did react positively. But it has to be at the top line level for, you know, market to be convinced that this is sustainable. And that's what I fear with Apple. It's like, yeah, they had a decent quarter, but nothing out there shows that, you know, they can revive talk line growth right now. Are they using some of that money to hire a new ad agency? Is that happening? If you see Samsung's clamped back to that, it's quite good. It's just a big commercial. It's a decent one. Yeah. I mean, look, Samsung, again, built on Android. Look at the features right now for Android phones. And I think this is the first time I can remember where I'm on the cusp of, you know, switching to an Android phone simply because they are offering features that iOS doesn't have. Mandate, thank you, sir. Mandate, sing there of Bloomberg intelligence. Looking ahead to what we could expect from the new Apple iPhone and also, of course, next week, Nvidia just around the corner, the big earnings report, the quarter, which seemingly we have to wait weeks for. They need to bring that forward. They do. They changed the date for it. But actually, you know why it's perfect, John? Because, you know, we're kind of getting this lowland data. Nvidia has become a macro event. You know, you wake up, you don't check the price of the stock market. You check the price of Nvidia. So it'll give us something to be able to see that. Every single morning, alongside the Treasury market, apparently. Coming up on this program, we'll catch up with Megan Robson and BNP Paribas. We'll have that conversation in a moment with credit spreads exceptionally tight in high yield. Is it justified? Megan might give you some reasons as to why she thinks it is. If you turn to the price action, on the S&P 500, equity futures go in absolutely nowhere. Yields are just about unchanged high by two basis points in at around 440 on a 10-year, 439.83. From New York City, this is Blimberg. Take a listen to this. YD reported this morning. ESPN saying this, that world number one golfer, Scotty Scheffler, detained by police in handcuffs after a misunderstanding with traffic flow, led to his attempt to drive past the police officer. Going into the golf club, getting ready for a second round, the police officer attempted to attach himself to Scheffler's car and Scheffler then stopped his vehicle at the entrance to the club. The police officer then began to scream at Scheffler to get out the car when Scheffler exited the vehicle. The officer shoved the golfer against the car and immediately placed him in handcuffs. That's the latest on the world's number one golfer on one of the major tournaments of this year. And is tee-off time, I think, supposed to be in an hour? A little bit over an hour? That's going to be hard after something like that. Needs time to stretch. No verification, of course, here at Blimberg. I don't imagine that anyone's working on this story either, but if we hear more about this, I'll share it with you. Thanks for joining us. Equity futures on the S&P. Don't worry, no more golf talk for those who hate the sport. Equity futures on the S&P going absolutely nowhere on the Nasdaq. We're positive by 0.1% on a Russell going nowhere also, but going somewhere on the week, four weeks of gains across the S&P, the Nasdaq and the Russell. In the bond market, on a two-year, 10-year, 30-year, we look a little something like this. Year-old to hire at the long end of the curve on a 10-year to 439, 64 on the session up by two or three basis points on a 30-year at 453, 87. We are down, though, on the week on a two-year and a 10-year as well. If you switch up the board and get to foreign exchange, you want to talk about the euro just a little bit. 108.41, we're negative on the euro by a quarter of 1%. Executive board member Isabel Schnabel in an interview suggesting June, we're ready to go, but July, I don't think so. We had some pushback from Axa Zulmoek about 40 minutes ago, Danny, basically saying we should de-emphasize the importance of the FX channel as a factor in a decision around interest rates and a future of inflation in the euro zone. Right. But I mean, he even said, look, I don't even know if July is viable, maybe that they do cut in June and then they wait until September. Basically saying that the important thing was when they started the cycle, that that was an important psychological shift. Again, John, two-year point, because inflation is more contained in Europe. But again, I don't know if I'm buying it, this idea that they're going slow because they need to, part of it must be the FX transmission channel because it is important. We know it is. And Isabel's saying this because she's thinking that too. It's a question for Christine Lagarde in a few weeks time going into that meeting. The euro 108.41. Under surveillance this morning, after a turbulent start to the year, Boeing's shareholder meeting taking place at 11 a.m. Eastern time, the search for a new CEO set to be a key focus following Dave Calhoun's decision to step down at the end of the year. Have we got a name apart from Larry Cole? Not really. They're still on the search. But Jonathan, this is also about whether Calhoun can remain on the board. And there's a lot of pushback from a lot of shareholders that maybe he should just go. So potentially Boeing is going to want this to be a non-event. But it might be. This is about whether or not he should remain part of this company in a broader way and sit on the board. The debate for who's the next CEO. I mean, there's this irony in it, right? Where it's, is it going to be Larry Cole? Oh, no. But he was a GE alumni. But wait, we've had four past Boeing people who have been GE alumni. Do we want someone internally? No, we don't want someone internally because of the mess. But what happens if you get someone externally? This is a complicated beast. It is an insane learning curve for someone new to come in. But do shareholders really have the appetite for a veteran at Boeing? I found the conversation yesterday with George Ferks and a Bloomberg intelligence somewhat concerning the fact that George basically told us, Ammary, that he thought the regulator could only do so much because they were in such a unique position as Boeing. They're almost sort of alluding to this idea that some people have. Maybe you want to call it conspiracy theory. I think people would just take it as it is. This is such a unique company. You can't be too hard on them. You can't push them to the brink of collapse. I find that sort of staggering. This is fact in the sense that Boeing is too big and too important to fail. They do not just make planes for people to fly on vacations to. They are part of the U.S. industrial complex. And that is why this is so challenging for regulators. That's the latest on Boeing. Let's turn to this story. The Biden administration accepting an offer from CBS for a vice presidential debate ahead of November's election. Politico reporting the debate will take place in either July or August with Kamala Harris facing off against who? That's the question because we don't have a VP candidate from Donald Trump's side. We don't. But it's May 17th and the RNC will commence that first week. It starts off on Monday, July 15th. So two months is the countdown for Trump to decide on his VP pick. Jonathan, if you haven't seen it, Washington Post this morning analysis has an X and Y axis. More MAGA, less MAGA, less likely to help the ticket, more likely to help the ticket, more likely to help the ticket, less MAGA, Nikki Haley comes in on top. Of course. More MAGA, but less likely to help the ticket, Marjorie Taylor Greene. But it has an array of people and can kind of show potentially what Trump is thinking. Does JD Vance sort of land somewhere in between? JD Vance lands, yes, lands somewhere in between all of that. More MAGA, less likely to help the ticket, but not as far to the right as Marjorie Taylor Greene. Okay. When are we getting a decision? Two months, right? He has to have a decision before the Republican National Convention, and then there'll be the VP candidate. So in two months, we will likely know, but you see what he's doing now. You heard, we heard from the former speaker, Kevin McCarthy, who he thought it could be. Tim Scott, North Dakota Governor Doug Burgum, who has a lot of cash and the donors like him, doesn't outshine the former president. There's a lot of names that have been floating around. How do you think Scott would feel if it was Nikki Haley after the way Scott's behaved over the last few months towards Nikki Haley? Well, I think Scott would feel like, look, I'm from the same state, and I have been behind you the second I dropped out. But if he was to choose Nikki Haley, this would encompass the entire Republican Party, something. And really, this would be a huge win for donors. It's been a week of kissing the ring in downtown New York. If you missed that, that's exactly what's been happening. Everyone's been coming up from Washington, just sort of bow down to the emperor and say, can it be me? The New York Times is talking about how so many Republicans have been up here in New York that they almost lost control, and their majority on the floor. This is a true story. Yes. Absolutely ridiculous. Let's finish on this. Fed officials embracing the higher for longer narrative, suggesting they're in no rush to cut rates. A busy week of FedSpeak continuing today, and through the weekend as well, FedShare J Powell, capping things off, giving a commencement speech at Georgetown Law on Sunday. Megan Robson, the head of US Credit Strategy at BNP Parabar, joins us now for more. Megan, great to see you as always. Good morning. Let's start with the FedSpeak, then we can get to these very tight credit spreads and talk to you about how justified they are. Has the song changed for you, the song that we're hearing Fed officials sing? We still are expecting a rate cut this year, so our base case is we see the first cut in December. I think what we've learned this week is markets went a little bit too far in terms of pricing in risks of a hotter inflation outcome. And as you saw with CPI, just getting something in line was enough to really see a lot of relief in markets, a rally in credit included. I think from here, it could be this benign environment where you have a Fed reaction function that we think is a bit more dovish, some relief on the inflation front. And that's very constructive for credit heading into the summer. We seem to have baked a lot of that in, spread to very tight, I think near the tights of this year. How you yield something like 300 basis points. How justified is that? I think there's scope for us to continue to grind into the summer. So I think there's a few drivers of that. One is that this progress on inflation, dovish, FedSpeak, it puts us in a place where we don't have to worry about the mini rate scare like we saw in April. So I think that's a key driver of that. But are you being fairly compensated for the risk you're taking if spreads are at a two and a half year tightness? So I think the second factor is that heading into the summer, supply generally tends to slow. So you have this seasonally supportive backdrop where on a technical basis low supply, that should be very positive. I think that the other factor to consider is investor positioning was very long. So our positioning indicator max long into April, we did see a bit of de-risking events. So that means investors have capacity to add a little bit to risk and we could see spreads continue to grind. I mean, that is incredible. Just with the demand that we've seen this year in that continuum. I can't help but wonder, Megan, if some of it you talked about an accommodative Fed during COVID, we saw the Fed step into credit markets and be a ballast there when there was an issue. Does this market still believe that the Fed will and may do that again? If we do see a huge rise in credit spread, something that looks alarming that the Fed still has a backstop in this market? I think that the Fed put is still alive and well in people's minds, but I think we're a ways away from that type of scenario. So in our minds, the more credible risk or the more credible bear case would be a reacceleration inflation. So I think that's a higher probability case. Last week, we were just talking about rate hikes and potential for rate hikes. So seeing a severe growth slowdown, I think is something that is further down the horizon as a potential risk. I know you've been looking at the senior loan officer opinion survey. What does that tell you about financing needs right now from American? So the most recent survey was still in tightening territory. So we had a level of 16, but relative to a year ago, it's come down a lot. So we've seen a lot of stability there. So we were at a level of over 50. So from a tightening standpoint, yes, lending conditions are still tight, but they're improving. The second piece, which we found very interesting in that survey is demand. Demand from corporates for loans continues to decline. So it goes along with this theme of deleveraging, where a higher cost of capital is starting to have an impact on these types of decisions. Is it possible that meeting needs elsewhere from other sources of finance? So I think that free cash flow, they are using free cash flow. There's also a balance between the cost of debt and the cost of equity. And cost of equity can be more attractive right now. And cost of debt is the highest it's been in relation for 15 years. So in our view, you're going to continue to see companies that can deleverage. They will. And places like that, investment grade, triple Bs, some of the non cyclical sectors that have this free cash flow like healthcare, telecom, are in a really good position to do that. Who isn't in a good position going into year end, given this Fed might be on hold for the whole? Yes. So I think that there are parts of the market we're still worried about. So despite the fact that spreads are still tight, we have seen a rise in the distress ratio. So that's very unusual to see an elevated share of bonds trading over a thousand basis points. So triple Cs, lower quality loans are places where I think it's still a question mark. Can these companies get financing needs? And will they be able to? Later this year, we'll start to see the maturity wall for 2026 to come into view. And companies are looking a year ahead. So I think we're out of the woods for the next few months. But at the end of the year, it could come back into the risk. Do we have a good view though on some of the non-transparent loans that are out there, the floating rate loans, the ones from private markets? Do we have a good idea if we are talking about higher for longer, obviously they couldn't refinance at a lower rate if they do have floating rates? Are they safe? What's the maturity wall looking like for them? So I think for loans, the biggest risk that we're watching, aside from maturity wall, so a lot of the maturities have been an amended and extended out. But for us, the risk is really a cash flow issue. And you have seen interest costs roughly double for many of those issuers. We've been surprised by the resiliency of that market. I think given that private equity has had a role, some companies have been given help. There's been a lot of distressed exchanges that have helped sort of extend the runway. But that's a place where there's still definitely risks in the system. And Megan, this was great. Things are getting better, not worse in credit apparently. Yes. Which is a good thing. Megan Robson have been prepared for and let's hope it stays that way. Equity futures at the moment, if you are just joining us, just about positive on ESMP 500 with an update on stories elsewhere. Here's your Bloomberg brief with Yahara Hackers. Hey, Yahara. Hi, John. A U.S. judge has ordered Jane Street to detail a secret Indian option strategy. The firm alleges two former traders took to their new jobs at millennium management. It's facing a deadline next week to provide specifics about the information it alleges was stolen. Millennium and the two X traders say there were no secrets and accused Jane Street of bringing vague claims in bad faith. The price of nickel jumped the most in a month on continued unrest in New Caledonia. Last year, the French territory was the world's third largest supplier. Violent protests have rocked the area over a change in voting rules. Nickel is a key metal for electric vehicles and the surge helped boost other based metals like aluminum and copper. And shares of Rishamot on the rise, the Swiss watch and jewelry maker, which owns Cartier reporting full year sales that beat analyst estimates. The company also appointing a new CEO. Nicholas Bose, a three decade Rishamot veteran and head of its fast-growing Van Cleef brand, will take over as CEO on June 1st. He will continue reporting to chairman Johann Rupert. That's your Bloomberg brief, John. Yahara, thank you. More from Yahara in about 30 minutes time. It's so unbranded and esoteric, isn't it? A secret Indian option strategy at Jane Street, isn't it? I just think, okay, the irony here is just so excellent to say we're going to sue these two traders because they stole our secrets and then the judge says you need to tell us what they are. Tell us what those secrets are. Hoisted by your own petard, I think is what we call that. Just a fantastic story. Up next on the program, cracks emerging in the U.S. consumer. It does feel like the consumer feels a little bit stretched, but of course we're watching that lower income consumer more so than the broader economy. That's up next. This is Bloomberg. Equalities right now on the S&P 500 just about unchanged. We're going nowhere. I mean, we're going somewhere just not very far. We're up by 0.05% on the S&P. Going somewhere this week, though, big time. Another week against in store on the S&P 500. So far through Thursday, heading towards a fourth week of gains yielded declining on the week up on the session by two basis points on a 10-year, 439, 64. Under surveillance this morning, cracks emerging in the U.S. consumer. It does feel like the consumer feels a little bit stretched, but of course we're watching that lower income consumer more so than the broader economy. Now, keep in mind, both the labor market and the consumer started from a position of strength. So when we think about cooling, it's cooling from a very strong base. So here's the latest this morning. Traders assessing the effects of a higher for longer rates environment on the U.S. consumer. Aditya Bhave of Bank of America writing this, lower income spending has generally outpaced higher income spending on a year-over-year basis since early 23. Even excluding necessities, this is consistent with the strength in blue-collar wage growth since the start of the pandemic. Aditya joins us around the table. Hello, sir. Good morning. This is not consistent with what everyone's telling us around this table, though. So what gives? Right. So that's what we're seeing in our card data. Just to be clear, in our internal card data, we are seeing that on a year-over-year basis, lower income spending is outpacing higher income spending. And yes, we understand that lower income folks tend to spend more on necessities. But even if you X those out, you get the same result. Right? So there's a couple reasons for this. You can argue that maybe we're not seeing cash transactions. And that's why this is the case. Because by definition, we're only seeing cash transactions. But another possible, we're only seeing card transactions. Right? But another possible explanation is just that lower income folks are seeing the fastest wage growth. They have seen that since, accumulatively, since the start of the pandemic. And they're also seeing the fastest job growth. So income is the first order driver of consumer spending. And while there are stresses on the spending side for lower income folks, obviously, the income growth that they've seen has offset in our view a lot of the pain from inflation. What's how is the source of income and not leverage? What explains that? Well, we generally think income is the first order driver of spending and balance sheets are second order. So you do see some issues to be clear with credit card delinquencies. According to the public data from the New York Fed, delinquencies are the highest and the fastest rising amongst lower income households. And they're those households are also the most likely to be maxed out on their on their cards, right? So the way we think about it is as long as the labor market holds up, this group will be fine in aggregate. Of course, there's going to be struggles for certain households. But as a cohort, this group will probably be fine. If the labor market cracks, then these delinquency issues could make this group more sensitive to a potential downturn. But why then do we have, as John mentioned, Starbucks, McDonald's, all these companies saying that the lower income consumer isn't spending as much, that they are more price insensitive? What accounts for the mismatch? Right. So it's not entirely inconsistent with what you're seeing in the public data, right? So you mentioned those two names, they would fall under food services. Food services was actually down 2.7% annualized on a real basis in the first quarter. It's just that it's only 6% of consumer spending. So if you look at consumer spending as a whole, it's still holding up. That's not enough to make a dent, right? And I think more broadly, you think about markets versus macro. And the names that are represented in markets that get the most attention, they typically don't account for a huge share of overall consumer spending. I'm looking at some of the data for late credit card payments and how that's gone up, especially 18 to 30-year-olds. Has the US economy become buy-now-pay-later? So in terms of buy-now-pay-later, we don't have a ton of visibility. Our understanding is that it doesn't get reported in the official debt statistics, but it's probably still very small and not moving the needle on macro yet. There's another subset of data I love to look at in the jobs, and that's the fact that more people are now having to pick up multiple jobs to pay for their bills. So is it potentially that the lower-end consumer is able to spend more, but they're having to have an extra job in order to do so? Well, you're assuming that they're picking up multiple jobs because they have to pay their bills rather than because we've moved more into a gig economy type setting, right? So that could be the other explanation that they're picking up multiple jobs because they have a little more flexibility. I was talking to Brian earlier this week, and we'll be talking about some of the numbers that come out of the Bank of America Institute. And it really banks up what you're talking about, Aditya. And I'll go through some of the numbers. If you missed this last week, these numbers are staggering on the verge of being unbelievable, but they are what they are. Lower-income household balances were 67% higher than the 2019 average at the end of April. Middle income household balances, 58% higher. Higher-income households, 45% higher. Put that all together with what you're telling us. You send us more resilience in the system, in this economy. But the prospect for a deep economic downturn really isn't that great. So are these numbers that unbelievable? Look at consumer spending in February and March. I mean, they send staggering to see those numbers. Well, look at consumer spending in February and March, though. Those were amongst the two strongest months, and I'm talking about on an inflation-adjusted basis. They were amongst the two strongest months in a couple years, actually. Right now, they will be revised down after retail sales. But the broad picture is spending actually looks fine. The last couple quarters, there's been the stock of stagflation, but we really don't buy it. For us, services spending is accelerating. Even though services prices are still quite elevated, inflation is still quite elevated. It looks like if anything, services demand is what's driving spending. So we could be in that last stage of rotation from goods back to services after the pandemic. So you and Mike wouldn't put much weight on the retail sales number we had this week? On the retail sales number, the revisions were not great. The number itself was not a concern. A lot of the weakness was driven by some idiosyncratic moves in non-store retailers. There was a big promotional event in March, so that spiked, and then spending levels just renormalized. If you take that component out, it really looks just fine. But with what most people have been saying, again, contrary to what you have, a lower-end consumer isn't doing as well. Maybe that's creeping into middle markets, too, and that means inflation is slowing, and that means that the Fed is going to be able to cut this year. Are you saying, if we're not seeing that slowdown, if it is still a strong lower-income consumer, that we need to start thinking differently about what the Fed does this year? So our view is that the Fed starts cutting in December, but the risks to that, from our perspective, are actually for a delay. In part because services inflation is holding up so well, it just, there's no reason right now for the Fed to cut. Right? Look at the last inflation markets really liked it. We think it translates to about 23 basis points on the core PC, which is much better than the last three months, but what does that annualize to? That still annualizes to 2.8 percent. We're not actually decelerating on a year-over-year basis, right? So there's still a lot more work to be done, and with services demand holding up, there's really no reason right now for the Fed to start cutting. As I say, what you're describing as an environment where you could definitely see inflation come back, if spending is still as strong as it is, why are you so convinced that December will be a cut and the next move won't be a hike? Right. So, Chair Powell has done a lot of work to keep hikes off the table. We think the Fed really doesn't want to hike and would prefer to stay on hold, right, for as long as they need. But in terms of the first cut, I think the story would have to be that the mix of inflation is improving. If housing inflation starts to move down, we know that's a very lagging variable, but if that starts to move down, I think the Fed's going to feel a lot better and probably more confident about cutting. If the consumer is holding up, especially in your data, lower income consumers, why are the polls so bad that people feel like the economy is not doing well? Well, there's a difference between price levels and inflation. So inflation's cooled off a lot, but price levels are still way, way above what people are used to seeing. And even if folks are seeing wage growth to offset those higher prices, it's still a mental exercise that people don't like to do, right? Why are prices so much higher? Why does lunch around mid-town Manhattan cost $20? None of us like that, right? Why does it cost $20? Well, because price has gone up across the board. And it's just for like a salad. The price hasn't changed that much over the last 12 months, right? That's the point. That's the good news. So it went up a lot and now it's kind of flattening out. It's just not coming back down. It's probably not coming back down and the Fed doesn't target outright deflation, right? So it probably won't. Aditya, this was great. Just fantastic. Thank you, sir. Aditya Bhave there of Bank of America. Just going through the data, which seems to go against the widely-held sentiment out there at the moment. It goes against the sentiment because it goes against some of the data. But again, this gets back to this idea of how reliable is this data that we're looking at? CPI, for example, if you look at owner's equivalent rent coming down, Paul Donovan says this. This isn't a real price. This isn't something people actually pay. So maybe we need to be paying more attention to the kind of data that we've been talking about, the credit card data, to get an actual sense of what's happening in this economy. Looking back at Aditya's note, this is consistent with the strength and blue-collar wage growth since the start of the pandemic. I just come back to this data and I say this is not showing up in the polls. This is what the Biden administration wants to see and would love for people to feel. Maybe the data is there, but the emotion's not. Absolutely not. Looking forward to that first debate in the next month or so. If it actually happens, I assume it's going to happen. It's going to happen. They say it's happening. Okay, let's see if they can agree on the rules. The third hour of Bloomberg surveillance is coming up next. Here's the lineup for you. The brilliant Mohammed Al-Airn of Queens College, Cambridge joining us around the table for the next one hour or so. We'll catch up with Chris Caso of Wolf Research. We're looking ahead to Nvidia earnings next week and we'll speak to Seth Carpenter of Morgan Stanley from New York City with equity futures here on the S&P 500, just about positive. Yields at the longer end of the curve, higher by two basis points. You'll yield this morning at about 4.39 and the dollar shuns some strength against the euro at 1.0845. When you're facing a momentum market, to say that momentum is going to stop on a dime is a very difficult call. One of the forces that is propelling the stock market higher, of course, is the productivity story. You have more labor force engagement. You certainly have the support from the labor market. Both the labor market and the consumer started from a position of strength. So when we think about cooling, it's cooling from a very strong base. When we look at the data, we see things slowing, but it's cooling, but not cool. And we're not expecting things to fall off a cliff right now. This is Bloomberg surveillance with Jonathan Ferro, Lisa Abramo, it's an Ann Marie Hordurn. I tell you, Abramo had the right idea. Start the weekend early. I need a break from AMH and a break fast. Like from New York City this morning. Good morning, good morning. The third hour of Bloomberg surveillance begins right now on the S&P 500 futures, just about positive as we head towards four weeks of gains on the S&P 500, on the Nasdaq, on the Russell as well. We begin with our big issue. Is it all just happy talk? The US economy is chugging along pretty well. There's a thousand things that can go wrong tomorrow. Right now, everything's in pretty good shape. Where it'll be in six months, how much of that slowdown we see in the bottom quartile, we have to watch the data very, very carefully. The cost of living in many areas is very high. I think the chance of something going wrong is higher than people think. We're in a very unusual time, and so the adjustments are taking place and it's running through the economy. I think there are a lot of inflationary forces in front of us. It is President Biden's top priority to do all he can to bring down the cost of living. Whatever the world is pricing it for a soft landing, I think it's probably half that. Not a happy talk. Not a happy talk for the next 60 minutes around the table. Mohammed, out the home of Queen's College, Cambridge. Mohammed, good morning to you. It's good to see you. Good morning, John. Thanks for having me. Is it all just a bunch of happy talk? All these good things, good vibes about the US economy? It's happy talk justified on where we've been, but it is dangerous looking forward. Jamie Dimon sounded like you earlier this week. Speaking to Francine Lacroix, I'm not sure if you've seen the conversation. I'll bring you one of the quotes. There's a lot of inflationary forces in front of us, he said. He gave us a list of reasons, a list of reasons that you've given us before, the green economy, remilitarisation, infrastructure spending, trade disputes, large fiscal deficits. What exactly is this Federal Reserve fighting? So, first of all, Jamie and I have been on the same wavelength for a while, so thank you for saying that. Look, this is a reactive fit. This is a data dependent fit. So, when Jamie and others list the things going forward that are inflationary in nature, that's not something that the Fed talks about. The Fed talks about the latest set of data. We're going to continue having a reactive fed because this is a fed that lost self-confidence back in 2021 when they tried to be strategic and got the call horribly wrong. So, what is the safest thing to do is to become data dependent, and that's what a fed is. So, no strategic outcome, which is what you've talked about repeatedly, and hypersensitive from data point to data point. Ultimately, what does that mean for financial markets? Lots of volatility, but trending higher? Yes, as long as the whiff, I want to stress, it's a whiff of stagflation, doesn't turn into something stronger. Stagflationary winds, I think, is what you've called them. Correct, correct. And that's what you have to keep an eye on, is that we don't want that to become something much stronger. When you say the Fed is data dependent, how dangerous is that when you have revisions like we had this week with the PPI report? No, it's very dangerous. It's dangerous first because the data is very noisy, both in terms of month to month, but also in terms of revisions. It's also dangerous because the data is backward looking and the tools act with a lag. So, this is not where you want to be, and there are articles, there was another one yesterday, where they are trying to encourage the Fed to be more self-confident and look forward and be less data dependent. When you talk about potentially stagflationary winds, I recently caught up with the former World Bank head, David Malpass. He's been talking about this for a while. Where exactly would you see that showing up if we were to see stagflation? Where exactly would you be looking? So, you talked about it earlier. Listen to the corporate calls, they're telling you that certain segments of the consumer base are already having problems. Listen to the previous interview, which was a very bullish interview about the economy, but there was an admission right there that if anything happens to the labor market, we have no buffers. We have no spare tires. That balance sheets have really deteriorated. John mentioned what happened in the interview, where it's every segment of the population that's now running much higher balances. So, we no longer have pandemic savings. We have higher balances on credit cards. We have higher interest rates. So, we're totally dependent on wage income. And if anything happens to the labor market, which I hope it doesn't, but if anything happens, then we are going to slow down really quickly. But, Mohammed, this is the thing. I mean, you've hit the nail on the head is that the data is uneven. We're seeing a divergence between different types of consumers, except perhaps when it comes to some of the credit card data. The data was built a long time ago, when we didn't have that type of divergence. It was trying to capture an American economy that was a monolith. Do we have the right tools to even evaluate the American economy at this point? So, Danny, that's a really important point. And also it explains Ann Marie's point as to why the person in the street doesn't feel as good as the macro data suggests. Look, during the pandemic, we had this wonderful moment where we realized that our existing databases were too partial and we moved quickly to high-frequency data. And suddenly we were living in this world where we were, as economists, we were much more focused on let's get the best data, let's get high-frequency data. When we got out of the pandemic, we went back to the old world and we don't use the high-frequency data enough. Now, there are efforts being made at the NBER and elsewhere to try and incorporate that high-frequency data. The big problem that we don't talk about is that the providers of those high-frequency data who used to provide it free are now charging money. So, when you charge money, guess what happens? The access to that data goes down. So, this is an issue that's being discussed in the economic profession. Do you see mistakes being made this time around? Being the reverse of the mistakes made last time around, coming out of the great financial crisis, we were all waiting for the economy to go back to what it used to look like and it never did. And it took a while for everyone to start agreeing with Larry Summers and they eventually did. And coming out of the pandemic, all telling me we're waiting for the economy to go back to what it used to look like and maybe it never will. And we heard this from Bridgewater this week at the Qatar Economic Forum, powered by Bloomberg, when Bridgewater's near Bardea said, don't use the playbook for the last 10 to 15 years, for the next 10 to 15 years. So, let's maybe park next month's data, next quarter's data. What are you looking at right now for the next decade or so? What do you expect in? So, first of all, I think the big mistake coming out of the global financial crisis was to assume the shock was cyclical, if you like, like a V and not to realize it was secular. Thus, PIMCO's new normal, which came early on in 2009. I think the big issue right now is that we as a profession and we as a market are too influenced by what happened after the global financial crisis. We believe somehow still in the back of our mind that low interest rates, very low interest rates are the norm, not the exception. We believe that inflation is not an issue. So, look what has happened to the Fed. The Fed pivoted on the basis of data. It was the opposite of the pivot they did in December when they pivoted on the basis. Now they have to do a U-turn. As they're doing the U-turn and say higher for longer, the market is going the other way. So, you saw what happened to the two years. So, what happened to the 10-year? And then there are two really problematic issues that we don't talk enough. How sensitive are the stubborn components of inflation to interest rates? They're not very sensitive. That's problem number one. Problem number two, what indications are we getting of the economy? It's slowly weakening. So, it raises the issue that once again the Fed is going to have to pivot this time, not on the basis of the inflation numbers, but on the basis of the real economy numbers. It will pivot yet again. And then there's the big issue that I know no one wants to discuss. Go on. And I insist. I understand that fully is the inflation target the right target. We all talk about wanting to go back to 2%. Every single quote you had this morning assumes that 2% is the right inflation target. 2% is totally arbitrary. But I understand why no one wants to talk about this. But we should all realize that if we are pursuing the wrong inflation target, the risk of a mistake, and that mistake would mean sacrificing growth unnecessarily, the risk of that mistake is high, especially when the low income people are most at risk. I know how much criticism you get every time you bring this up, because you've been bringing it up with me for the best part of 12 months, maybe longer now. If we go back to the Jackson Hole speech from Chairman Powell in August of 22, when he talked about pain being required to get inflation under control, then the experience of the last 12 months where we all got seduced by this idea that maybe we don't need pain whatsoever to get inflation back under control. Are you saying that the pain that's required to go from 3% to 2% just is not worth the squeeze? Correct. I'm saying that if you were to establish an inflation target today based on the secular issues, and let's talk about it, the domestic paradigm is changing. We're no longer in this water and consensus of deregulation, liberalization, fiscal prudence. We are in a world of industrial policy, government intervention, and fiscal irresponsibility. Let's talk about the international. We're no longer talking about ever closer globalization. We're talking about fragmentation. Then look at the transitions we have. We have major transitions going on, not just generative AI, life sciences, and sustainable energy. You have things happening in healthcare, you have things happening in defense, you have things happening in food security. If you put all that together, it is a different inflation environment. It's a world that's subject to higher inflation, and we've come from a world that was subject to lower inflation. But if the world still has that recency bias in their mind, that we're going to go back to 2%, their entire industries that are extending and pretending and hoping we're getting back there, I think of the private capital world, for example. If you have financial markets that have engineered themselves to be used to a low inflation world, that have been used to rates getting somewhere to 2%, what happens? What happens if we don't get there? That you're absolutely right. And yesterday, the whole news yesterday was about commercial real estate, where the pot's sold. They've recognized, and more importantly, investors have recognized that there's a valuation issue ahead. And that's also an issue, is you have slower moving segments that refinance in a very discrete fashion that we're going to have to deal with. You're absolutely right. Mohammed, we've got a lot to deal with, including a very important review that's going to come from you a little bit later on, a certain concert that took place last weekend. You ready for that? A real breakdown of whether that's worth the experience. That's services and station. That really is services and station. Does the Fed need to hike? Does the ECB, based on what happened in France over the last week or so, increase right now on the S&P, positive by 0.1%. If you have no idea what we're talking about, stay tuned. Mohammed on Taylor Swift in just a moment. Let's get some news elsewhere. Here's your Bloomberg brief with your Hara hackers. How are you, Hara? Hi, John. The New York Times is reporting that NATO is considering a plan to send troops into Ukraine to train local forces. It comes as the country looks to stop a Russian advance toward Ukraine's second largest city. If NATO moves forward with the plan, it raises fears NATO and Russia would be closer to a direct conflict. Bloomberg is also reporting the Biden administration and European allies are looking to send more equipment to the region. The new sports streaming bundle between Disney, Fox and Warner Brothers Discovery has a name, Venue Sports. The joint venture was unveiled in February, but no pricing or specific launch date has yet to be announced. Venue is set to combine ESPN Plus and the sports programming from all three companies' linear TV networks. And GameStop's Volta Week continues the video game retailer down in pre-market trading after preliminary net sales for the first quarter missed estimates. GameStop is on track to fall for a third consecutive session as the mean stock rally that started early this week fizzles out. That's your Bloomberg brief, John. Hara, thank you. More from Hara in about 30 minutes time. Up next on the program, The Morning Calls and Chris Casso of Wolf Research explaining why he's picking AMD over Nvidia coming into earnings just a week away from New York. Good morning. Mohammed has all these views on sophisticated subjects, topics, important things and all anyone wants to know for the next 45 minutes is his Taylor Swift review. It's coming right up. Equity futures right now in the S&P, totally unchanged. Yields a little bit higher by two basis points on a 10-year, 439, 83. Let's get to The Morning Calls. First up, City, maintaining a buy rating on Walmart and boosting its price target to 75 from 63.33. The analysts saying nearly all segments of the business are operating in sync after yesterday's sales beat. Next up, Bank of America upgrading Robinhood to buy from underperform raising shares by two notches given the recent pickup and retail engagement. And finally, Wolf Research replacing Nvidia with AMD on the Wolf Alpha list. The analyst Chris Casso citing Nvidia's relative move year to date but expecting numbers to move higher for both names. I'm pleased to say that Chris joins us now to explain the call. So Chris, important for us to point out that this is a tactical call. It doesn't say anything about bearishness around Nvidia per se. But the timing is interesting, Chris. Why into next week? Why going into earnings? Well, I mean, in terms of the timing, obviously, earnings next week, Nvidia is going into that report on its highs. Again, as you said, we're not negative on Nvidia at all. It's actually been our top pick for most of the last two-year period. We still like to stock very much into the end of the year. A lot of this is tactical timing in terms of when additional capacity becomes available for Nvidia. They've been very supply constrained because demand is very good. Much of that incremental capacity comes as we go into the calendar second half of the year. And then there's impact from new products, their next generation product that come in the fourth quarter in the beginning of next year. So, you know, we're still there for those catalysts where believer in AI and believe Nvidia remains the leader in AI. With the case of AMD, those stocks pull back 25% from its highs. There have been concerns of on AMD's AI business. And that is related to their ability to get memory. There's a specific type of memory called HBM that's associated with AI. AMD sources that from Samsung. They haven't been getting enough, which has been, you know, we believe a little bit of a short-term issue as that has gone around in the market. But we think that's a very short-term issue. We think it's being solved very quickly. And with that, we think the number is going to be much stronger in the second half of the year. We think that they'll also have new product coming at the end of the year. So just tactically, with the relative move of those stocks and some of the news flow, that's why we made the move we did. Well, we saw that on AMD's earnings, Chris, fall something like 10% with results that were, for the most part, inline. Perhaps some of that underlying weakness was a concern, but it was inline generally. You saw that for ARM earnings, another AI-related name, inline, and it sells off massively. Is that what the stakes are for Nvidia, Chris, is inline the new miss for these AI names? Yeah, I'm afraid so. And certainly expectations are for beats that people want to see. Expectations are high, right? So we want to see numbers continuing to go up and to the right for a while. It doesn't always happen in a linear fashion, of course. But, you know, what's really important, and this is for Nvidia and AMD both, is one of the things that is happening in advanced semiconductors, that hasn't happened before, is actually pricing is going up as well. So that's also one of the factors that we look at as you go into next year, when the new products come out, these new products are higher priced, and that's never before happened in semiconductors. So that's another driver that gets the numbers higher. Again, it doesn't happen in a linear fashion, and expectations are certainly very high for AI in general right now. Chris, zoom back out a little bit. This was initially characterized as a winner takes all sector, and a lot of Nvidia's stock price move was on the back of that. Are you telling us that this is not a winner takes all, that this is something where you get an early lead and then other people catch up over time? Well, it depends upon, you know, what you define by all, right? And the way that we see the competition between Nvidia and AMD is in much the same way, the competition between Intel and AMD for the last 30 years. And, you know, even in the time when AMD was, you know, one or two process nodes behind Intel, AMD could still get a 10 or 15% share of the market because, you know, the industry does not want to have one player take everything. And I think that's what's happening here. And if you look at what the expectations are for AI over the next three to five years, you know, just a 10% share of that market would mean, you know, much, much bigger revenues from AI than what AMD is saying today. And their current guidance for this year is $4 billion. So, you know, I don't think it's entirely a winner take all market, but it's a very big market. Chris, just a few weeks ago, another chip was added to the export list for the U.S. Commerce Department, meaning that they, the likes of Intel was on that, one of their chips cannot go to China. When you look at places companies like AMD, when you look at NVIDIA in this entire space, how concerned are you about the tit for tat we see between Beijing and Washington? Yeah, and it's been a bit of an issue for, you know, what happened last week that was a bit of a clarification. And it was, you know, again, you know, one, one particular company, Huawei, that that's been targeted. And, you know, in the case of, you know, sending components to PCs. If you can't send it to Huawei, you know, there's another OEM will pick up that share. So, we don't think it's very meaningful. But it has been meaningful in AI. And those restrictions have been in place for a while in which you neither NVIDIA nor AMD can ship, you know, advanced AI products to China. And that has had an effect on the market. The market would be bigger if China could buy these advanced products. And frankly, not really sure how that's going to wind up playing out right now. The Chinese have the ability to produce, you know, much lower end products that they can do internally. But that just doesn't solve the problem that they have. So, you know, what I say is, you know, the export controls have actually been very effective in reducing China's ability to compete with AI. And, you know, what their alternatives are, they just aren't very good alternatives right now, because it's also coupled with the restrictions that China can also can also cannot get the leading edge equipment to make these leading edge products. So, they can't buy them from NVIDIA and AMD and they can't get the tools to make them themselves. Hey, Chris, this was great. Looking ahead to earnings next week. Some fantastic thoughts there from Chris Casar there of Wolf Research. Still with us around the table is Mohammed. Mohammed, this has been a big week for big tariffs and a lot of strong language coming out of the US administration. Again, this from Leo Brainerd of the National Economic Council. China is using the same playbook it has before to power its growth at the expense of others by investing in significant industrial overcapacity. Where do you think this is all heading this year? I think it's clear where it's heading. You have a strategy on the China side that is emphasising production more than consumption. The rest of the world is looking at this and screaming this new word overcapacity and trying to preempt this overcapacity. So, the notion of you putting 100% tariff on something we don't import right now, but we want to make sure we don't import it later on. That's called politics. That's a good example of what's ahead. I think it was Ann-Marie earlier this morning who said the big surprise is that China hasn't responded in any significant manner. Let's wait and see. But I think what we're seeing now we're going to see more of going forward. Our view is that the US would be better served by maintaining open trade policies that have been vital to its economic performance. That's not Beijing talking. That's the IMF. What do you make of this constant criticism we've been hearing from the IMF on how the US is regarding not just trade but also the US deficit, fiscal spending. They've been very critical. They have and they go back to how the paradigm has changed for domestic economies. They are still on the old paradigm of liberalisation, deregulation and financial prudence. And that is not there anymore. Countries are now pursuing different ways. Why? Ann-Marie, very simple. In the old days economics was driving the car and national security and politics were sitting in the back seat. Right now national security and politics are driving the car and economics is in the back seat if not out of the car completely. Then why hasn't China responded more forcefully? Why is China just using diplomacy in responding to tariffs if it's politics driving things? So Danny, I don't know. I can try and guess but I really don't know one possibility but it's a total guess is that they realise that they are in a weak situation right now that they need to get things done domestically and the last thing they want is to accelerate the state of for that between them and not just the US, it's Europe as well. Well let's talk about Europe. You spend a lot of time in the United Kingdom in your current role. You're very close to events on the continent as well. What is their move going to look like? Because when we talk about overcapacity and who has to eat it at the moment it looks like it's going to be the Europeans unless they do something and do something fast. Yeah I mean they are in a much weaker position than the US, in absolutely a much weaker position than the US. They require pan-European responses and they are not yet pursuing pan-European responses. They're pursuing much more country specific responses but if they look forward and they want to promote future drivers of growth they're going to have to shift to a much more pan-European approach. Talk to me about what that future model might look like for countries like Germany. What is the new model? What is it? So it is not being in the model middle. That's a really important thing. It is understanding that a lot more of our growth is going to come from genitive AI, from life sciences, from all these sectors and less is going to come from traditional manufacturing and even traditional manufacturing is being challenged by EVs etc. So you need a growth strategy and right now there isn't enough of a pan-European growth strategy. It will come John. You know the European Union. You've got faith? I have faith. It gets its act together. It tends to be late. Always. Right but it does get its act together. Okay my strategy right now is to keep teasing your Taylor Swift review. That's my strategy, sort of deep teasing, not reality TV and I've got coming up. But you're going to disappoint people. Why? Because I know I have a symmetrical... Why will you disappoint people? Because I'm not exactly the best review. No this is the review for our audience. Maybe you wouldn't actually go to a all the dads out there that might have to take their kid to a Taylor Swift concert like you're the guy. Mohammed you got to tease it. This is ultimate girl dad. This is what people want to hear. All right wait. Ports it's going to happen. Seth Carpenter wants to know too. He's joining us from Morgansstanding next after a busy week of economic data. From New York this is Bloomberg. 60 minutes away from the opening bell equity futures on the S&P 500 just about positive heading towards four weeks of gains on the S&P on the Nasdaq on a Russell as well. The Nasdaq positive by about a tenth of one percent on Nasdaq futures. Looking at the bond market, two year, 10 year, 30 year what a turnaround. We've talked about it a few times this week already through five percent at the end of April on a two year back down to the four seventies on a 10 year life in a four seventies. Only a few weeks back for 39 44 year tire on the session but down on the week once again we are hired by two basis points the four 39 44. I'll finish on foreign exchange just briefly and have a quick look at the euro for you. The euro negative by about a quarter of one percent at 108 41 might be a stretch to tie this to is about Schnabel at the ECB executive board in that interview Danny but indicating ultimately the ECB is ready to talk about June and cunning interest rates but not interested in talking about July. Yeah I get the feeling the euro is maybe just some of the exhaustion of the dollar selling off finally you get it to come back but yes June everyone's decided on the ECB the minute the accounts excuse me they don't like it when you call minutes the accounts do suggest that indeed they're going to move in June but she's not the only one they all seem very torn on what happens after June and in large part perhaps that is because of the currency. If you start a cutting cycle and you start cutting every consecutive meeting what does that do to the euro when the Fed hasn't moved yet. Yes a whole lot weaker and at the moment at the moment it's weaker again this morning the dollar stronger against everything in G10. Under surveillance this morning China announcing plans to shore up its struggling housing market Beijing removing the floor on mortgage rates lowering down payments and encouraging local governments to buy unsold homes from developers and convert them into affordable housing. Next story this one the Club for Growth Foundation is already lobbying former president Donald Trump for tax cuts if he wins a second term at a White House. The group would ties the billionaire Jeff Yass calling for business deductions and a flat tax on profits rather than tariffs to help businesses. How many times are we going to hear that gentleman's name in the next few months. Well he's been thrown out as a potential Treasury pick on Trump 2.0. Also he has links a lot of links to TikTok which is why a lot of people think Trump has flipped a few times when it comes to TikTok. When it comes to these taxes Jonathan I don't think they need to try to convince Trump to do this. Over the weekend he was talking and it was like this Oprah moment for tax cuts. He said lower middle upper class business class you're all getting a cut under me. We all get a tax cut. Someone's got to pay for it though. Talk about that in a moment. High for longer let's finish on that. The message from the Fed this week. President's master Williams and Barkin speaking separately yesterday all saying it may take longer for inflation to reach their 2% inflation target but Morgan Stanley Seth Carpenter saying he's confident inflation will trend lower this year and it's a question of when not if the Fed will cut this year. Seth is with us around the table alongside Mohammed as well. Seth good morning to you. Good morning Jonathan. Taylor Swift review coming up later don't worry about that you won't miss it. Fantastic. Let's talk about this commitment to getting inflation back down towards 2%. Why are you so constructive at Morgan Stanley. I think for this year we're really constructive on how the data are going to turn out over the next 5 6 7 months just from primarily a bottoms up perspective right. So you've got the key components of inflation housing inflation. We know where the spot rents have been for the past several months when the BLS take those raw data turn the crank on their machine to create the official statistics really point strongly to that continuing to fall over time. Same things going on with most of consumer goods. There's a on net average deflation and consumer goods. We think that can continue for the rest of this year. The real mixed bag is in the services outside of housing but take one example that is such a strange example that we would be talking about here but we have to like auto insurance. It's been sky high. It's been super strong but that development is the product of years of higher of higher costs from a couple of years ago. Insurance companies finally being allowed by their their regulators to catch up for that over time. That's starting to fade. And so we spent a lot of time talking with our colleagues in equity research who cover the insurance companies and we think that's one of the examples of still that friction from covid finally working its way through the system. Mohamed how would you respond to everything Seth just said. So I think Seth has has very good point. So the thing I would ask you Seth if I may is the history of this is that we're surprised by something else that we focus on what has been higher than expected and something else comes along earlier this morning. We heard about commodity prices. We heard about how this rallying commodity prices is broadening with the PPI surprise us to the upside. How worried should we be that it's the good sector that's going to surprise us as opposed to services or housing next. I think that's a I think that's a great concern and I have to say especially if we're talking about policymakers the Fed folks in Washington if they're not worried then I start to get worried. I think they should be worried about everything. But you got to make a forecast and you got to sort of have an idea of where the probabilities lies when we think about the good sector. U.S. imports a lot of goods from China. The world imports a lot of goods from China in GDP deflator terms. They've been in a deep and protracted deflationary episode. And as you all were talking about before I got here they're trying to ramp up production. They're exporting a lot of that excess capacity the rest of the world. I think the odds are very much in the favor of the disinflationary process for goods continuing. OK. You rightly said you've got to make a projection but you're dealing with a Fed that's very data dependent. We heard it again. And the most you hear about a projection is we need to get comfortable. So and yet you said it's not if it's when. So talk a little bit about how you meld your view with a Fed reactive function. Fed reaction functions that's very reactive. And when what does that mean for interest rates. Absolutely. You know what I heard J. Powell say at the last press conference and I've heard him say at other times reiterated a bit by Phil Jefferson was essentially an unparaphrasing. They want to cut interest rates if the inflation data allow them to if the data on inflation show that they're on a downward trajectory for inflation. Ever since the beginning of this hiking cycle they've said they're willing to cut rates before inflation gets back to target. They just need to see that trend there. And so from my perspective as sort of a sell side analyst the question then is what would they do. How do I forecast what they're going to do based on my forecast of what inflation is going to do. We got the CPI and the PPI and import prices this week. Clearly to me said the first quarters reflationary data were the anomaly not the trend. So we're back on track. I think one or two more months that go anything like what our forecast is for continued this inflation. They're going to take that as their signal for now. We can cut. To your point set the data has been incredibly bumpy. You say one month something strong the next month. It's not what happens if it's not a trend and is instead just volatility around the data like we've continued to see. What does the Fed do. I think that's the challenge. So if it's not a trend down in fact it is just inflation hanging out where it is. Then I think they keep postponing their anticipated rate cut and eventually they'll maybe change their tune. I think the one time Chair Powell was willing to swim up to the question from a reporter at the press conference. You know could you hike. I think what I heard from him was you need inflation not just to sort of stay roughly where it is. You need inflation to start to clearly rising again. Probabilistically speaking I think that's not the most likely outcome and that's why we're pretty confident where we are. So let me push a little bit because in January when we got a negative surprise the inclination of consensus was that this misses a bump. It's nothing and we needed two more data points to confirm that there was something going on. Now we get one favorable number and it's not it's not a bump. Suddenly we're going back to what we really want and it's going to happen. Why are we so asymmetrical. So as Danny says it is very noisy data. I completely agree that the data are noisy. I'm not convinced it's quite so asymmetrical. We've seen big swings in the markets. Right. So if we just go back to the January February time frame the market was pricing in six seven cuts. We got to the point where we're pricing in substantially fewer than two cuts. Now things are very gently coming back in the same direction. So it's not as though we swung all the way back to the market pricing in seven cuts. I think it is a little bit of overreaction. I definitely subscribe to that view that markets do. We've been in our own forecasting a little bit more consistent. So we came into the year thinking there'd be four cuts total. Q one said boy that's probably not going to happen as quickly as you thought. And so we've paired that back to three for the year as a whole. But we haven't been swinging the same way that the market has because I do think we should try to at least see through some of that noise. I mean it's been hard to get keep your head around set the yo-yoing of this market the narratives back and forth. Lisa talks about this all the time. But part of the confusion is trying to understand where the consumer is. I think we've had maybe five different takes in just the past three hours of what the consumer is doing. Credit card data is strong but delinquencies are troubling. You do see spending but at the same times McDonald says that their consumers aren't spending as much. How do you make sense of any of that stuff. It's a tricky situation. And one of the points I try to make to clients all the time is everything that you sort of build your standard narratives around based on previous cycles. Boy take those with a big grain of salt salt right or a vat of vinegar if you're making choice. The back story. It's quite tricky. So let's look at the data for GDP in the first quarter. We know that consumer spending was fine solid two and a half ish percent. But consumer spending on durable goods was negative quarter on quarter consumer spending on non durable goods was flat quarter on quarter. So is the services sector. When it comes to some of the delinquencies it's the lower end of the income distribution that's really having a hard time when there were federal transfers of wealth people were able to pay down credit cards and people wanted to go back to their spending habits. Prices were much higher and people were trying to sort out where prices were actually going and what they could afford. And it's the lower end of the income distribution that tends to get hurt when that happens. And so that's where you're seeing the delinquency rates rising. So does that mean that we're in for doom and gloom. I don't think so at all. Consumer spending is 70 percent or consumer spending on services about 70 percent of consumption and consumption in turn 70 percent of GDP. So that's half of the economy right there. And as long as that's holding up I think we'll be in pretty decent shape. But we also shouldn't forget the reason the Fed has interest rates five five hundred and something basis points higher than it was when we started this this cycle is precisely to exert some restraint on the economy and spending. So some slowing is what they're looking for. When you think of the consumer and you think of these massive imports from China you mentioned it earlier. How do you even start to grapple with what 2025 could look like if we get a 10 percent tariff ring around the United States and 60 percent tariff on imports from China. Yeah. I mean I think the different scenarios that we might have based on the election are tricky. They're manifold. And I think one of the points that is easy to reduce things to is Biden versus Trump. But I think investors also are well well reminded that we also need to think about the composition of the Congress because if you're thinking about fiscal packages tax cuts extra spending that's going to require the Congress. The tariffs though I agree it goes more to do this on day one. Exactly. And so I think I think it's tricky and we need to start modeling things out. I try to go back and say what happened when we had the round of tariffs last time. And I think there's a very common view that it's going to be just inflationary full stop. And I think that's worth pressure testing a little bit when there were tariffs imposed before a couple things happened. The remin B fell against the dollar. Other currencies fell against the dollar. U.S. imports from China actually initially fell. They have since recovered. So if that was the goal maybe it didn't get there. But in the first instance we saw a fall and we have to remember that if we're measuring inflation by the CPI that's only final goods and some of the tariffs are in intermediate goods where there are some margins that can compress. And so you saw maybe a little reaction of inflation but it didn't last. And I defy anyone to look at the chart of core goods CPI during that period and distinguish what happened in 2018 from what had happened years before. You sound like Robert Lighthizer also Catherine Tykes this week. She said that it's largely been debunked that relationship in terms of tariffs to prices. So I will put pushback pretty strongly that I sound like them because I think I think I think what's really important is that there were increases in costs and there were costs along the way. The U.S. manufacturing sector took a massive hit. The global trading sector took a massive hit. The Fed was on at that point and it's somewhat reminiscent on this hiking path that got derailed and I wasn't at Morgan Stanley at the time. But what we were writing about was how disruptive how destructive that tariff war was to the U.S. economy especially the manufacturing sector. And sure enough the Fed went from thinking they were sort of on this path of continued hiking. QT was on autopilot to use chair Powell's words. Yeah. And then very quickly things changed because we saw the reverberations through the economy from those tariffs. Let's finish on this. Our friend Rick Reader of BlackRock is making some headlines this morning speaking to David Weston is going to wear on the upcoming episode of Wall Street Week a little bit later on this evening. Here's the quote. And I want the thoughts of both of you on this. I'm not certain that raising interest rates actually brings down inflation. You might agree with point one given how rate and sensitive certain parts of this economy might be. He goes further though. In fact I would lay out an argument that actually if you cut interest rates you bring down inflation. Do you want to go first. What would you say back to that. So I totally agree with point one on point two. I think what he's thinking is housing in particular and what high interest rates have done to the supply side that people do not want to trade out of low weight mortgages into higher weight mortgages. And I suspect that that's what he's thinking. Seth. So I think the tricky again to repeat one thing I said earlier this cycle is a bit different. A lot of the inflation that's going away now. I think I would agree isn't being driven by the hiking and monetary policy at least from the peak. Right. So we had commodity inflation sort of settle down. We've had a reversion of some of the inflation that was very covid induced. But I think I personally am skeptical that everything the empirical literature on how monetary policy affects the economy is just flat out wrong. If you raise interest rates I do think you start to get some crimp in overall overall aggregate spending and I think it is that overall spending that is that allows higher inflation to sustain. So I think I would disagree on the fundamentals. Seth I have to ask you said three cuts this year. When. So we're at September November December. We recently shifted that back to September from July to sort of balance the risks because as you point out the Fed is data dependent. I take your point you have some questions to whether or not they should be quite so data dependent. My job for 20 years was to argue over what should happen. Now my job is to argue over what's likely to happen. And so I think there's always a chance that there's another blip in the data. But I think Powell and team want to start cutting and we think the trajectory for inflation is down. Should we get to the review. I think we should do the review. Can we have the review. You ready. Service sector inflation. Taylor Swift Paris. What you're going to be facing. You're overhyped. You really have to learn. Come on. Oh you know like I'm I'm doing a lot of expectations. Got the audience now. The bars up here. Let's go. OK. First of all context is important. Far away. This was a Mother's Day girls outing organized by a close friend and involved my wife and my two girls. Perfect. At the last moment one girl couldn't go. So I was pulled off the sideline and like a professional person I came in. You were on the benches. I was on the bench is happy to be on the bench is the next thing I know I'm on the train from the UK to Paris. Wonderful train by the way. And I'm in there. Expectations focused on two things. OK. One I want to understand the swift economy. Two is what should I wear relative to everybody else. I had zero expectations about what actually is going to happen on stage. And wow. An incredible performance. Three plus hours by someone who is an incredible entertainer. And what she did that I've never seen anybody do is make the crowd genuinely believe that she appreciated you being there. And I've never felt that at a concert. I've never felt that anything else. She actually was grateful for people there. And that showed in the reaction of the people. So you had this incredible love affair that I was witnessing because I came from the outside on this. And I really now understand this phenomenon. Did you feel grateful. I felt grateful because her show is incredible. I also was amazed by people going out and thinking can they get tickets for tomorrow. Again to go again. My friends did that in Paris. Yeah you have people who went two or three nights in a row. This is real money. You kind of sound a bit like Ray Dallow. Do you remember him. He went to a Swift concert took an excellent selfie and said she can unite the world in a way that no politician can right now. You're going to sound like she's very sensitive. I wouldn't go that far but she's very sensitive to her audience. And it's something that I've never seen before. We get some economic data. You know what you learn about the Taylor Swift economy. Oh no it is. It is a very powerful economy. Believe me the consumer spending when when the people that we are with left in the morning went all the way to the concert site which was an hour away in order to get in line to buy merch because they went so close. They weren't confident that they would get much at the actual thing. What are we talking about for a total Swift outing ticket merch your new outfit. I know you had also I took inspiration from this bright bright pink. Yeah. What are we talking a range. No we talking a lot. We're talking a lot of spending. I mean the amount of people someone said to me someone said to me there are more Americans coming to Paris for the full concert than you'll see for the whole of the Olympic Games. Wow. Now I don't know whether that's true or not. But but you know what it could happen. Could well happen. Mohamed we're grateful to have you here. I feel this way. You're like Taylor Swift to me. I appreciate it. I'm just going to stick with us for some final thoughts. Thank you sir. Thanks. Captain Ramon Stanley. Let's get you an update on stories elsewhere this morning. Kerecia Bloomberg brief with the Hara hackers. Hi John. A deadly storm in Texas has killed at least four people and left more than 800,000 without power. Intense rainfall and heavy winds barreled through the Houston area on Thursday blowing out windows on skyscrapers in the center of the city. The storm hit just as the grid again warned of a potential power emergency. Houston is under a flood warning through Tuesday with more rain expected over the weekend. The World's Super Rich Club now has 15 members with fortunes over 100 billion dollars the most on record. While the 15 have crossed 100 billion before this is the first time all of them have held fortunes of that size at the same time. According to the Bloomberg Billionaires Index their combined net worth is up 13 percent this year to 2.2 trillion dollars. And the PGA championship has delayed the start of its second round after the world's number one golfer Scotty Schaeffler was reportedly arrested on his way to the course. ESPN is reporting Schaeffler was detained by police in handcuffs after allegedly trying to drive around a traffic stop from an earlier crash. With the delays Schaeffler is currently scheduled to tee off for his second round just after 10 a.m. Eastern. That's your Bloomberg brief John. That is the most mental story of this morning the week the month maybe even at the year so far. You are a thank you. Up next on the program setting you up for today and the week ahead you're watching Bloomberg Surveillance. equity futures on the S&P 500 positive here by 0.1 percent about 40 minutes away from the open and bow swinging from data point to data point. We're really constructive on how the data are going to turn out over the next five six seven months just from primarily a bottoms up perspective right so you've got the key components of inflation housing inflation we know where the spot rents have been for the past several months when the BLS take those raw data turn the crank on their machine to create the official statistics really point strongly to that continuing to to fall over time. It's the trading diary going into next week a host of Fed speak including Jay Powell's commencement address at Georgetown this weekend plus earnings from Target and Nvidia on Wednesday another round of claims and PMI's on Thursday and finally next Friday you missed consumer sentiment survey. Let's get some final thoughts around a table. Mohamed take away from this week and then we can talk about what to look for. Go on into next week. So take away from this week is a unusually uniform signaling from the Fed higher for longer that it's the Fed is totally aligned if you think of every single speaker lined up on that message and I have not seen that for quite a while. And Murray for me it's what Mohamed said earlier about especially as we go into the G7 Finance Minister's meeting we know they may be discussing these tariffs and Mohamed you put a brilliant brilliantly how we have a changing economy. National security used to be in the back of the bus now it's driving the bus and maybe economics is not even in the bus anymore. What do you think that means for economic outcomes more inflationary economic outcomes absolutely more inflationary and more unpredictable. Danny I mean unpredictable that's not great news for the Fed the thing that I'm still coming back through from this week is I come back from it saying I still don't understand the consumer. I still don't understand the same page with you. I mean again maybe it is just as simple as look it's a K shaped economy. The upper end is doing really well the lower end isn't. But then how do you explain Walmart saying that more people are trading down. How do you explain the credit card data. I don't know Mohamed can you make sense of any of that. No I think weakness is starting to go up the income ladder and that's that's what we're seeing. What I can't determine right now is how will companies react to that. What will companies do. Do you think they've got pricing. Do you think they have it. Do you think ultimately to protect those margins we're going to see those layoffs. This has been the story now for the last few quarters. Do you think that's just around the corner. So we are going to say layoffs. I remember one job I had a long time ago when the economy was weakening and my boss came to me and said you've got to reduce your labor force by 20 percent. And my reaction was what would he accept a 20 percent reduction in pay. And the answer was no the market judges you on layoffs. That's what the market judges you on to find out whether you are reacting to economic weakness. So that's a concern is that you will have layoffs. So you don't think we'll have the hoarding in a way that some people talked about immediately after the pandemic. Not anymore. I think I think that phenomenon is dying out. Funner word next week. Nvidia a little bit more economic data. Then we get some earnings from Target in the mix as well. What stands out for you. What are you going to be focused on. Sentiment Friday sentiment sentiment about prices sentiment about where the economy is going. Sentiment is going to be really important. Sentiment hasn't been good Danny to your point. It hasn't been sent sentiment against the earnings against the data against what you hear from banking executives. Contradictory signals all over the place. Absolutely. And there have been plenty of people who have said look you can't trust the sentiment measures anymore. They are too political. They don't really capture what's happening with the inflation because it's about the absolute price level. But sentiment surely matters. It surely means something to your point. You're looking out for it. What do you say to those people who say doesn't matter anymore. I say if you think it doesn't matter then go back in history and ask yourself what are good looking forward indicators. I've got two thank yous to make. First one. Mohamed. Thank you sir for the whole hour. Really appreciate it Danny. Just awesome as always. Bram I was going to be back next week. Coming up on Monday. Here's the lineup. Stuart Kaiser a city. Landon Lyon of a black rock. We'll catch up with Ryan SEO. Michael O'Leary and Atlanta Fed president Raphael Vos. They can just finally if I don't do this one I won't hear the end of it for the rest of the weekend. Annemarie thank you. Appreciate it. A schedule weekend. Thank you to you as well from New York City. Enjoy your weekend. This was Bloomberg surveillance.