 From New York City for our viewers worldwide, I'm Shanali Bassick and Bloomberg Real yield starts right now. Coming up, inflation shows signs of cooling, the latest data being promising, and Powell on hold saying the Fed is awaiting more evidence before cutting. But investors move on, keeping bets for at least one rate cut this year. But we begin with a big issue. Can the Fed achieve nirvana? The U.S. economy is chugging along pretty well. We've had good, healthy markets for quite a while. There's a thousand things that can go wrong tomorrow, but right now everything's in pretty good shape. I think the chance of something going wrong is higher than people think. It's necessary to make sure that we're on a fiscally sustainable path. Of course, the higher interest rate path makes that more difficult. Where it'll be in six months, how much of that slowdown we see in the bottom quartile, we have to watch the data very, very carefully. Whatever the world is pricing it for a soft landing, I think it's probably half that. Right now we have no landing, honestly, a 2% growth rate because you can't say it's a soft landing. The cost of living in many areas is very high and it is a concern to Americans. There are a lot of inflationary forces in front of us that may keep it a little bit higher than people expect. What the Fed is doing with rate structure is having the impact they want. On the other hand, the economy is kind of there and now we've got to be careful we don't overshoot the other way. I think they are doing the right thing to be patient right now. Now let's look at the U.S. inflation picture because a measure of underlying U.S. inflation cooled in April for the first time in six months and it also snapped a streak of three above forecast readings with a year over year measure cooling to the slowest pace in three years. Now you do see progress here, but remember we are still above the Fed's 2% target and we also had producer price indexes that were on the rise as well. So complicated story there when you look at inflation. Let's flip up the board here and look at one component of inflation, the housing and rent part of CPI. Shelter prices is the largest category within services and it climbed 0.4% for a third month and owners equivalent rent, a subset of shelter which is the biggest individual component of the CPI rose by a similar amount and these housing costs are one part of the inflation picture staying so sticky in the Americas and abroad. Now one big debate on Wall Street now is whether cutting interest rates will actually bring down some of these housing and rental costs. We'll talk about that later in the show. Meanwhile Black Rock's Rick Reader argues that the best way for the Fed to temper inflation will actually be to lower interest rates and here's why he thinks that. I'm not certain that raising interest rates actually brings down inflation. In fact I would lay out an argument that actually if you cut interest rates you'd bring down inflation. Why is that? Exactly to your point. Look at what's happening now. Interest expense is growing as now eclipsed mortgage payments. Higher income who much higher percentage of their net worth is in the debt credit card, student loans, auto finance, etc. What's happened is you've raised the rate and that has created a real impact and so but the other side of it is you actually have an economy because of this massive transfer from the public sector from the government to the private sector. People are higher income, middle to higher income are now getting a big benefit from these interest rates and that's flowing into those of the people that spend in agribusiness and aggregate on services. So there's an ironic thing that I've never seen, nobody's ever seen in history. Joining us now is all springs George Borey and Ed Hussaini of Columbia Thread Needle and when you take a look at a lot of this wishful thinking on Wall Street just hoping that we will finally see at least one rate cut you see the reaction in yields very significantly the two year holding the line at 480 by the end of this week after just being about 5% just a couple weeks ago. Do we keep holding the line? I think so. I mean look I think the case for the Fed to at least start this normalization process this year is getting stronger. The labor market is seeing a lot less churn. Some of the dynamism is leaking out. The inflation stories maybe about 50 basis points away from this for when this process can start and more importantly when you look at next year I think the case for normalizing rates is getting stronger and that's what the two year yield is trying to capture at the moment. I'm a little bit George about the sticky inflation story here and do you worry that housing or other parts of inflation won't come down fast enough to achieve that first rate cut. You know that's a great point and it is fair to say that you know inflation's kind of you know it's it's sort of stalling out is probably the best way to define it. It's it's not going it's not going up which is good from the Fed's perspective but it is the strong downtrend is yet to really be truly truly affirmed. So our expectation is sticky flation continues. It will come down over time but it comes down at a very very slow pace and it's unlikely to get all the way down to sort of the Fed's target without some economic weakness behind that. And so you know the economy is doing doing pretty well as many of the commentators you mentioned are you highlighted leading up to the segment you know mentioned you know identified and and the reality is the economy is doing pretty well that the Fed doesn't doesn't really need to move. At least they don't need to move rates overall but we would just you know highlight the fact that they they did moderate the pace of quantitative tightening. And so you know this sort of slow incremental move towards a slightly easier policy you could argue is has started the data would need to confirm that. But the expectation for an actual rate hike we think is is clear is is much further out and it's really at best close to the end of the year. I like the word you used here George sticky flation. Ed how do you see sticky flation playing out here. Let me point to two kind of two elements due components of inflation. There is a cyclical element which responds to demand and there are elements that are a cyclical or sticky that are the ghosts of inflation past. They're a function of the dislocation to the economy two or three years ago. Most of the inflation we see today is the ghost of inflation past which is really important. And that's you know we're talking about auto insurance homeowner's insurance housing rents. Those are all functions of the dislocations we saw in 2020 and 2021. The good news is that the cyclical pickup in the economy that we're seeing the economy is growing at about 3 percent in terms of underlying demand hasn't translated into new inflation. And that's fantastic news for the Fed. So George I want to ask you a question that I had just asked Ed. Do we hold the line at 4.8 percent here. What's the risk here that rates don't move materially higher on the short end given the tremendous bid we have seen at the short end of the curve in the bond market. Yeah. No I think that that's that's that's also is a very good point. I think you're talking about the two year part of the curve. If I if I'm if I'm yes. So I think that there's a good there's a good case to be made that you know you have good sort of carry that the Fed is stuck at least at the very least in on hold for an extended period of time. So the two year not a terrible spot to be and that on balance you know the bias would be to cut rates rather than hike rates. So from that perspective you know that there is some argument to be to be made that there's there's some value there. I think 2 8 or 4 80 is very much right in the middle of the range. You know we we are certainly happy to kind of put money to work right in and around the two year. Certainly if we were going to add some credit risk in portfolios that adds a little bit of extra yield to the portfolio. So that's it's not a bad spot. We would feel pretty pretty comfortable in and around that that two year point on the curve. Where else on the curve. Are you looking further out at this point given you've seen such an investor move into those long ends and they do have more uncertainties and other factors that would influence the price moves there. Yeah. I mean I think I would agree with the other speaker. You know the front end of the curve is still pretty attractive and we're trying to build confidence to extend our duration out. Right. The fact that the Fed's reaction function the Fed strategy at the moment is rebiased towards easing the fact that we're starting to see again churn in the labor market start to come down. The labor market on the margin is showing us some flags of weakness. These are all really great precursors to moving duration further out on the curve. How do you feel about duration now. George do you think that there's just too much risk to get in the further you get out. Is this our central message. The all spring central message around duration is diversified duration. You know there are attractive spots along the curve. We take it all the way out to the five years. We just look to look at pure value anywhere between the two out to the five year part of the curve is where we're trying to establish kind of long core or long duration positions. You know that being said there's different types of duration. You know long end kind of corporate credit particularly on the high quality side. It has been a great spot to sort of allocate money or in the intermediate part of the curve. You know mortgages have had a little bit of a lumpy ride in the first half of the year but sort of sticking with that trade as volatility comes down could be attractive. So our main message is don't get too wet to just one specific point on the curve diversify. Make sure that that duration is aligned with the type of risk that's inherent that you want to be sort of aligned with with your portfolio. And from that perspective you know the curve is fairly flat. So you can take some duration extension risk and it doesn't really cost you all that much from a give up. If it's a funded position it can get expensive because it becomes negative carry. But depending on how you run your portfolio there are different ways to position to position your port to position duration. So don't lever up on a 10 year not yet. You're saying here. And what about the yield curve inversion here because it's interesting. You look at where we are today. You have a lot of happy talk in the market right now and you do still have a two 10 curve that is inverted to really the worst levels we've seen in the last seven weeks. How do you read that. Yeah. I think it's consistent with the fact that we saw a surge of inflation come through in the first quarter. Some of that is now starting to dissipate. It's consistent with markets expecting the Fed to bring rates down over the next couple of years. And it's also consistent with longer in rates now being a little bit higher than they were pre the covid shock. The disinversion process can be driven in a couple of different ways. Classically the Fed cuts very aggressively in the face of recession. The odds of that are increasing. The more the Fed stays on hold. We also have brief periods when the curve inverts when long end rates go up. Fiscal risk premium is a really key catalyst for that. At the moment I would you place your chips. It is likely that the curve will disinvert. I don't think this year is the right time frame. Perhaps at some point next year. We do need to see more weakness in the economy to drive it. And until we see that weakness the front end is going to yield much better. Long time for those steepeners to play out our thanks to George Bore and Ed Al Husaini for joining us today. Now up next the auction block. Johnson and Johnson becomes the latest blue chip firm to seize on thriving debt markets driving the U.S. high grade sales nearly past seven hundred billion dollars. Details ahead. This is real yields on Bloomberg. I'm Shanali Basek and this is Bloomberg Real Yield. It's time now for the auction block where global issuance remains strong. We're going to start in Europe. Weekly sales were near 70 billion euros making it the third busiest week of 2024. It included Merck which sold the region's longest dated corporate bond in the common currency since 2021 and it sold more than three billion euros over four parts including a third year. And here in the U.S. blue chip names like J&J Goldman Ford and McDonald's sold debt this week. Overall there were more than twenty eight billion dollars worth of sales driving the yearly total to nearly seven hundred twenty billion dollars. And also of no business development companies are getting in on the borrowing spree. The Morgan Stanley Direct Lending Fund and Blue Owl Credit both with sales this week BDCs invest in small and midsize firm typically too risky or small for the banks. And speaking of credit Goldman's Christina Minnis remains positive. Credit has been a very good place and people have made very good money in credit. And while there is concerns about volatility there's actually a lot to be kind of constructive about. We have a reasonably strong economy. People's earnings are reasonably strong. And so it actually feels like a good time to be investing in credit. Things actually look decent. And again when we look at the forward calendar it's very manageable and people have cash when you just look at inflows into high yield funds and loan funds from last time this time last year to today or up 19 and 16 billion. So there's a lot of money that's flown into credit. And joining us now is Matt Mish head of credit strategy at UBS and Maureen O'Connor global head of high grade debt syndicate at Wells Fargo. And Maureen giving you the first word here because of this issuance calendar just running red hot. How does that continue on as you see the year going forward. Yeah. I mean I think listen we've had an extremely robust demand environment since the start of the year which has really driven spreads down to what are two year tights and in some places cycle tights and investment grade. So naturally companies are taking advantage of strong market conditions and pre funding some of their upcoming maturities. You saw a lot of M&A supply in the first quarter as well. You had banks rushing to market to fund at ultra tight spreads. We do expect some moderation in the calendar going forward. Some of that is just seasonal. First half of the year tends to be about 60 percent of our total volume. Second half tends to average about 40 percent. But we are in an election year that can sometimes influence behavior. I think ultimately it will be the economics of the trade as we get closer to the election as to whether or not you see borrowers moving forward in that window. But I think there is some anxiety around volatility on the go forward. So while we aren't expecting to end the year up 33 percent which is where we are right now from an issuance perspective we are expecting a good 10 to 15 percent over and above last year's volume. So it still should be you know pretty active new issue calendar here going forward. Definitely keep it coming. Matt you know it's interesting here is that you definitely see very strong demand for investment grade issuers. You have also seen incredible demand for much weaker borrowers as well. For some in the market it's a very healthy sign of strong demand for others. There's a lot of worries about the risk being taken on at these rates. How do you feel. Yeah look I think you know the the demand picture remains firm I think even less so on the fund and mutual fund side really you know spending a lot of time globally with clients in the last few weeks. It's really foreign demand. It's yield buyers places like Europe and Asia demand coming just because the absolute yield is attractive. You know in general you know we've written recently you know there are I would say a few signs that are starting to suggest that higher for longer is starting to bite but it's very very early stages. I point to SME or private firm bankruptcy filings picking up leverage loan default rates have picked up over the last two or three months. You know but overall the picture I would say is relatively constructive. We think you're setting up for a slowdown in growth. There's very few signs I would say that we're entering more of a sinister downturn or recessionary type conditions and very limited I would say on aggregate very limited deterioration in credit fundamentals. It's so funny because you see certain parts of the market that are even choosing at this point between debt and equity raises. What is the investor psychology here Maureen in terms of who's getting into what at this point. Yeah well I mean at least as far as credit markets are concerned we're seeing cash come in from all different angles. So Matt mentioned some of the fund flows that he's seeing on the mutual fund side. Definitely true in the high grade asset class as well. We're up about 40 percent in terms of inflows into ETFs and mutual funds in 2024 versus last year. But we're also consistently seeing a very deep bid from our liability driven investor base. So that's pension funds insurance companies folks that are attracted to elevated yields. You know the index is sitting at five and a half percent for investment grade. That is usually an entry point that has been attractive in the past. It's an entry point that's made investors money. And it's ultimately the level of yields. That's what's keeping spreads at these ultra tight valuations. But we also have foreign demand for our asset class. That will wax and wane with the cost of hedge dollars. But I think at the end of the day fixed income and credit specifically has been such a rock solid place to stay invested and to pick up some incremental yield in an environment where you know while growth is slowing is still very strong. So you know from our perspective we see spreads and investment grade being pretty range bound here in the near term. Yeah I want to talk more about that in a second here because Matt you do hear a lot of investors complaining about not being compensated necessarily at least when it comes to spreads even if you're getting the yield when you see spreads investment grade high yields so tight. Do you think that they are right to be pouring in at this set of valuations. Well I think it depends on the asset class but if you take high yield for example you know we generally are looking for default rates to increase about 50 basis points but to just about one and a half percent for the full year that's still several percentage points below the average. And so you could justify what optically looks like a tight spread around around about 300 basis points. I think you know every market as you get we would say mid to late cycle and you have to get a little more selective in credit selection. Every market's different but overall the answer I would say is fundamentally you can justify the aggregate level of spreads I think to a large extent. I do think things are at the tighter end but we would agree with Maureen I think you will stay here. The two biggest risks in the market. I think one was a late at the margin earlier this week which is another fed hiking cycle. The second one which you know we've seen the weakness in data surprises. The second one would be a mild recession but we think those two are fairly remote possibilities outside of that. I think the market again fundamentally looks like it's holding up and technically there is just a lot of strength and resilience at these higher yields. So if we do stay range bound what is the trading theory here when you're thinking about how investors are planning to get into this market given that you say that there's kind of a window here. Yeah. Well I think in your last segment you heard a lot about diversification and I think that probably still holds here. I think the trade that most investors are looking at just in terms of alpha generation for 2024 kind of sits in two different pockets. One is continued compression across the rating spectrum. So you know you're seeing triple B's compressed down to what are now you know multi year tights to single A's. There's still probably a little bit of room to run there. Obviously double B spreads to triple B spreads have also compressed to near decades tights. So beta compression is very real. You're seeing that up and down the capital stack as well. So borrowers able to access sub debt junior sub debt preferred shares at premiums over their senior levels that are the tightest we've seen in a cycle. So you're definitely seeing investors get more comfortable reaching down the credit spectrum down the capital stack to pick up more yield. I think that is a trade that will continue to get focused this year. And then also the compression between financials and corporates. There's still some value in that trade as well especially when you look at where banks spread trade relative to higher quality corporate names. You know there's still about a 25 percent or rather 25 basis point differential in the five year part of the curve for a lot of those names. So there's probably some room for further compression there. And I think that's where investors are kind of focusing their attention right now in the near term especially as we move into you know this this perfect soft landing scenario. Matt you have 20 seconds here. Favorite trade. I would say an investment grade. We like the three to five year part of the curve curve and we like financials so we like compression and high yield. We've taken off high beta. So triple C risk but double and single B. We like areas that we think benefit from lower rates and lower inflation. Those would be areas like non cyclicals and tech. And then just lastly we really like Europe versus the U.S. So you could express that in Yankee banks. You can look at subordinates that and tier one to give me tier two or eight one. But those would be three quick ideas from from our side. Matt Maureen. Thank you so much for your time. That is Matt Mish of UBS and Maureen O'Connor of Wells Fargo. Now still ahead the final spread the week ahead Fed minutes and video earnings and more. We will talk all about it. This is real yields on Bloomberg. I'm Sean Ali Basek and this is Bloomberg real yields. It's time now for the final spread the week ahead coming up Monday the Atlanta Fed kicking off its financial markets conference. Of course we will have our own Michael McKee there speaking to Rafael Bostic and Loretta Mester. And of course the health of the consumer will be in focus with May season lows earnings on Tuesday and PMI's on Thursday. Keep an eye. A lot of news ahead. But for us that does it for now. Same time same place real yields next week.