 It's almost 1pm in Sydney, 11am in Singapore and Shanghai. Welcome to Bloomberg Markets Asia. I'm Paul Allen. Here are the top stories. Agent stocks retreating as traders reassess the path forward for interest rates with more Fed officials and Jamie Dimon. Warming that lending costs will stay higher for longer. A mixed set of Chinese activity data failed to inspire confidence in a quick economic rebound. Property stocks in focus on hopes of further policy support. And we hear exclusively this hour from HCL Technologies CEO as India's IT sector weathers a slowdown in customer spending. Alright looks like a risk off day to finish the week across most major markets. Averill Hong's keeping an eye on things in Singapore. Averill is it the China data which is weighing on sentiment? Yeah absolutely I think it is raising those concerns about how unbalanced the recovery in China is given that big miss from retail sales even though industrial production still seems to be holding up pretty well. The question is how long can that side of the equation keep things going? So we're seeing that sentiment taking a hit. We've seen the hansing pull off the session highs erasing gains from earlier. CSI 300 also in the red. Now it's not just the impact on stocks. The dollar China has also seen weakness and for the offshore units popped above 723.1 and it's not just because of the China data. We also have the weakness in the Japanese currency to contend with after the BOJ left its bond purchase amount unchanged today and this is all coming on a day where Asia's assets are unwinding yesterday's gains is that rethink about the path to rate cuts for the Fed. That's for the board because I think at the heart of the issue in China is really about the property sector and we're seeing the stock gauge of developers in Hong Kong as such since the April lows up about 60 percent but this is really being driven by the expectations of policy support. The fundamental issues still haven't been fixed. We have the likes of Morgan Stanley talking about how the inventory access clearing plan might disappoint and if you take a look at the physical market that hasn't quite bottomed case in point the price data from homes today. So the board again because we're keeping a really close eye on China bonds ahead of that special bond sale that kicks off today and we're seeing bonds mostly lower ahead of that even though solid demand is expected. They're pairing some of the declines though after that China data dump. Paul. All right. Thanks very much. Shavrill. Let's get a little bit more on the economic data that we just had out of China today. So we've got lopsided recovery there retail sales unexpectedly slowing in April. We're joined now by China correspondent Min Min Loh. So Min Min break down those numbers for us. That's right. We're seeing this very lopsided recovery industrial production beating estimates by a wide margin of over one percent but consumption lagging behind their missing estimates by nearly one and a half percent fixed asset investments. Slightly missing estimates there. And I want to focus on this strong industrial output print because this strong print is really a source of ongoing tensions with the West the EU and the US accusing China of dumping its over capacity problem on the rest of the world. And we see President Biden just announced this expanded tariff regime that's going to be faced in over the next few years. That's going to be ongoing headwinds for producers not to mention that factory gate prices have remained in deflation for a while. That's cutting into profit margin. So the big question is how long can this export driven growth sustain the economy. And at some point those consumers they will have to do their bit of heavy lifting to keep the economy on track in the for the rest of the year. Yeah. Let's talk a little bit more about consumption. The consumers missing an action at the moment retail sales huge under performance. So what's going on. What's it going to take to stimulate demand there. That's right. Consumption you know the print that we saw today in April is really the lowest print since the end of 2022. And the government look they have they have already rolled out a series of programs they had that very ambitious trade in program trying to encourage businesses and households to upgrade their equipment with one time subsidies. But if you take a look at the numbers of data for home appliances and car sales those demands still remaining tepid despite government stimulus. And the big drag really is property. We look at housing prices falling again in April now for 11 straight months. It's the biggest decline we've seen since late 2014. And you know we have seen this steady drumbeat of pro growth signals coming out in recent weeks with city after city saying that they are rolling back home buying cups and also that meeting state council meeting happening today. The government said to be mulling over plans to buy back millions of unsold homes in the property sector that could possibly see the property sector turn a corner perhaps in the next year. But you know it's going to take at least six to 12 months for us to see this come into play. And it looks like in the in the meantime we will have to rely on that government led investment to help steer growth back on track. Yeah hard to overstate the enormity of that task. Bloomberg's China correspondent Min Min Lo there. All right for more on China and the data and the economy more in general let's bring in Amy Sherpatrick head of incomes strategies a panel group an investment manager with more than a hundred billion dollars in funds under management joining us right here in Sydney. Amy thanks for your time today. Want to start off with those industrial profit numbers a big beat there is six point seven percent more than what we were expecting. What's driving this. How long can that be sustained for. It can be sustained for as long as the Chinese government wants it to be sustained. You know I know that domestic consumption numbers were extremely weak and yes it is a surprise versus consensus. But when you think about not just the Chinese economy but most major economies housing cycles tend to lead what happens to retail sales right because when you buy a new house then you need to furnish it. You need to you know probably buy a new car as well because you've moved probably to suburban areas and you've got further to commute. When none of that is happening in China and that's on purpose because the government switched off the credit tap to the housing sector then naturally consumption is just going to take a back seat. There's not a lot the government can do to control that directly. So what they can control is what exactly what they are doing which is pumping into the manufacturing side of the economy. And you say that you know it's sustainable for as long as the government wants to keep it sustainable. They've got a growth target to hit as well right. They sure do. Yeah and look right now when I look at all the indicators that we follow for China there's actually a bit of a dislocation happening. What I see is stabilization of the local economy and by that I largely mean the old economy. The new economy to do with consumption technology the retail sectors. That's kind of that that's all around about the time that they started to leveraging. But when I look at the factors for the old economy they're stabilizing and turning a corner but the market does not believe it. Right. So time and time again you know I hope they're going to be dashed this time once more now that the government said maybe we'll buy some unsold homes. But you know I don't think they're going to buy loads right because that will be undoing all the hard work that they've done today suffering all the pain on the property sector. There's something interesting going on in that regard because we've got those long term bond sales which are beginning today. One hundred and thirty nine billion US dollars a trillion you are. We've also got some analysis from Bloomberg intelligence saying well to soak up those unsolved homes it's going to cost a trillion you are. Coincidence. I think that is coincidence. I think the fact that they are trying to issue more government debt it's partly recognizing the fact that there is so much pseudo state debt in China that needs to be absorbed somehow. I don't think you can say one for one if they throw all of this debt that they're going to raise at the property sector then the property sector problems are going to go away. The last thing I think the Chinese government wants is to cause a major revival of the economy based off of one sector in the economy. That's everything everything they've done over the last three years is to contain that and to find a more even set of growth engines for the economy. Yeah well that's a major problem but let's set it aside for a moment. Talk about another conundrum. We've got the offshore you are slowly weakening steadily weakening. What's your outlook there and how much more weakness a policymaker is going to want to tolerate here. Again this is something that they can tolerate as long as it doesn't result in too much volatility and I don't think China is alone in this right. You look across Asia all of the major central banks in Asia Bank of Korea Bank of Japan even generally if things are moving according to fundamentals which I would argue the weakness in the Chinese currency is very much reflecting the weak fundamentals of the domestic economy. These central banks are willing to tolerate it. They just don't like the volatility that comes along the way. So you'll see smoothing at the edges much as what you've seen in the last three years and I fully expect that to continue. But the main thing is the main determinant is interest rate differentials. So when we're talking about dollar China you know I think that the US is going to start cutting interest rates before China does even though China is in the weaker position because they know that cutting interest rates won't stimulate the economy in the way that normal economies would be stimulated. So if you have that forward interest rate differential view then you know maybe that particular pair is not as vulnerable as we think you will pick up your on your thoughts on the feds in just a moment. Amy share Patrick is going to be staying with us to talk about while the path ahead for rates in the US as well as the broader macro picture also and still ahead this hour. Bain and company shares their outlook on India's private equity market and we're going to discuss why they think deal making might remain tempered this year. So JP Morgan CEO Jamie Diamond sounding the alarm on lingering inflation. Here we're going to hear why he thinks the chances of a hard landing could be a bit higher. The markets think that interview up next. This is Bloomberg. Incoming economic information indicates that it's going to take longer to gain that confidence. So holding our restrictive stance for longer is prudent at this point as we gain clarity about the path of inflation. But Sir Cleveland Fed President Loretta Mester they're doubling down on the higher for longer narrative. JP Morgan CEO Jamie Diamond says he's more worried about inflation. The markets appear to be speaking to us at the banks global markets conference in Paris. Diamond says significant price pressures are still influencing the US economy supporting the case for rates to stay high. I wouldn't call it turbulence. And we've got we've had good healthy markets for quite a while. You know they kind of predicting a soft landing and you see that in both stock price which are kind of high credit spreads which are kind of low. Markets which kind of wide open. That's all good. Doesn't tell you what the future is going to be. And I can point a lot of times in history where that was true and the next year wasn't true. And so you know we'll see. I don't pay as much attention to monthly numbers as most people do. I know. So what do you think the future is for inflation. I'm a little more worried about it. I mean you know we've had very big fiscal deficits. And you know I think the underlying inflation may not go away the way people expect it to. And I look at the future like a lot of things we look at a kind of inflationary green economy. The remilitarization of the world the infrastructure requirements the restructure of trade fiscal deficits. So I think there are a lot of inflationary forces in front of us that you know may keep it a little bit higher than people expect. So the surprise would be rates are higher inflation a little bit higher and maybe they'll slow growth and obviously geopolitical politics a whole different issue that that can that could be determinative in what our economy does next year. And we just we're just not going to know. But does that mean you think it's 50 50 whether the Fed cuts or hikes. Next time around the next move. I really don't pay that much attention to that. The Fed will have to follow the data. And I don't know what the data is going to say. But they I think you know they are doing the right to be patient right now. See what's going to happen. They may not know for a couple of months. But no big correction. I mean if you don't pay that much attention to it it means you're not worried about it. No I'm more. I just said stocks are very high. I think the chance of inflation is going to stay high or raise going up or higher than other people think. So I think the chance might be whatever the world is pricing for a soft landing. I think it's probably half that. I think the chance of something going wrong is higher than people think in the U.S. Or globally. So I'd say in the U.S. but also that could affect globally. And so that what does that mean for markets. Maybe down. And credit spreads we've got gap out. So why is the market not pricing that in. Not a happy talk. Where does that happy talk come from. Low rates central banks are going to reduce reduce rates. You know maybe the geopolitical things disseminate don't cause problems. And so the future isn't predictable like that. So I'm a student in history. I've watched all the inflection points. If you go back and my dad was a stockbroker. I go back to the booming markets 72 and the collapse of 74. The healthy markets of 80 the collapse of 82. You know the 87 market crash the 1990 real estate crash. And almost all of them were not predicted the year before. So I look at these factors that drive these things are not always known as a company would prepare for all of us. We can serve all our clients regardless. But what do you see as the main stress right now. Because if it's geopolitics we talk about it. It's just not really priced in where does where does it distress. Is it something actually going on under that you worry about or just a multiple factors coming at the same time. I think geopolitics could create the main stress that we're worried about in terms of oil and gas prices trade alliances. But I think the surprise would be higher rates because inflation didn't go down. Then inflation has been stubborn maybe bounces up next year. I think inflation next year may be in the cards may have nothing to do with what you're seeing today. So I'm that to me is the surprise. If you had higher rates and God forbid stagflation. Yeah you'll see stress in real estate and leverage companies and some private credit and things like that. JPMorgan CEO Jamie Diamond there speaking to Bloomberg's Francine Laquois. So Amy share Patrick head of income strategies that panel group still with us. You've got the view that the Fed has what it needs to start easing. I just want to pick up on something Jamie Diamond was saying there. He gave it a lot of history about what he's observed in his life and you know he's got some gray hair. This is something I raised with the Australian Shadow Treasurer this week as well that he's old enough to remember the days of double digit inflation. I mean in a historical context this inflation isn't particularly high. Zero low rates aren't particularly normal. Is it a lot of happy talk that's keeping market time. Yeah I would agree with that. Right. The markets always like to well equity markets tend to like on look on the optimistic side. But you know I don't have as much gray hair but I do have the data actually of the last century or more. And whenever you look at the range of global inflation outcomes once you've had a massive spike in inflation and then you look at the most recent inflationary episode that the world has been through we're actually tracking ahead of schedule in terms of the way that inflation has come down. So I agree with Jamie's comments that the market is probably over optimistic in their soft landing probability assessments. But I don't particularly agree with him that the surprise is necessarily about inflation to the upside and rates are going longer. I think the surprise may actually be that inflation undershoots versus expectations of stickiness. And then we actually end up having to cut more than what is currently priced in. Well that could be reflective of the debate and markets at the moment. And we do have a chart on the Bloomberg that indicates what the market's expecting. And we're back to this idea of two rate cuts now. Is that your base case. Do you think we're going to get to this year. And if so when. The market's always right by definition. Right. But I think when you look very simplistically at two cuts being priced in by the end of this year. It's probably a bit too black and white to say it's two. It's probably 50 percent of none and 50 percent of four. That could be another way that the market gets to two cuts priced in. I am personally of the view that I don't rule out the possibility we should get twice as many cuts as is currently being priced in by the markets simply because all the economic data that the Fed needs including the momentum of disinflation is already on the cards. They've got every reason to start easing. They just don't like shocking markets. Do they have every reason to start easing though because you usually ease when the economy needs stimulus. Does this look like an economy that needs stimulus. If they were forward looking they would see that some needs are coming coming up pretty fast around the corner. So you've already seen the unemployment rate rise substantially off its lows of this cycle. Now unemployment rate as an absolute is still very very low. But what tends to happen with this unemployment rate you look through the whole of history. It starts to creep up and then beyond a certain point it just loses the plot and it skyrockets what the Fed ought to be trying to do is to get ahead of that. That's that's the only reason to start easing off being quite so restrictive in their policy right now. I want to talk about the yield curve as well. We've got we've still got an inverted yield curve. It's quite extraordinary. It's been going on this long. The two 10 spreads around 40 basis points at the moment. When do you see that disinverting and normal service being resumed. So there's this theory going around right that unlike normal cycles this disinversion is going to happen being led by the long end. Because why on earth is the yield curve still inverted when we've had no recession and everyone's convinced that there will be no landing or at the very worst the soft landing. Why is the yield curve still inverted. I think very simply the yield curve is inverted because the market knows that a cash rate above 5 percent is restrictive. And so it can't be sustained over the longer term. Therefore longer end bond yields need to be lower. That that's my explanation of the inversion. So I think the steepening happens led by the front end. So with that in mind where are you going for opportunities and fixed income at the moment. Just duration. I think duration is very much back on the cards. It's been a tricky year because I think the disinflation story has had a very bumpy road to it. Certainly you know before the latest CPI print in the U.S. We had three misses to the upside and the market got scared that this is re-inflation all over again. I think the path to disinflation is still very much underway. So you know having missed the bumpiness of the last few months I'm ready to get back in. And is that duration just for U.S. Treasuries are you looking at other countries emerging markets as well. Emerging markets is a little bit different. You know I think if anything the signals in China tell me that I should be short duration there because as I said earlier you know the economy is stabilizing. It's really not as bad as sentiment market sentiment seems to be about the economy whereas when you look at markets in Asia that are more correlated to U.S. Treasuries even our own markets in Australia I would argue that yeah this is the time. OK. Well we heard Jamie Diamond there talking also about some of the risks that might be on the horizon. The markets not fully appreciating. Do you have a big bad book of risks. What's in it. I've got nothing too scary to tell you. I think this is just what the end of a cycle looks like when there's been too many rate hikes for too long. Right. And the economy just starts to unwind. The good news is this time around there's not a lot of you know hidden hidden demons in the closet. I think you know balance sheets are healthy on the private side. But first you know broadly speaking for Australia and also for the U.S. We will get a recession but we'll come out of it. OK. All right. Amy share Patrick hit of income strategies of PANDELGROUP. Thank you so much for joining us. OK. We do have plenty more to come on Bloomberg and if you are a Bloomberg subscriber you can catch up with all of our interviews by using our interactive TV function TV go. You can also join the conversation and send us instant messages to our team and our guests during our live shows. You can check that function out at TV go. This is Bloomberg. Here are some of the stories that were following. This China sold a record amount of U.S. of Treasury and U.S. Agency bonds in the first quarter totaling an estimated fifty three point three billion dollars. Beijing's investments in the U.S. are garnering renewed investor attention amid signs that tensions between the world's largest economies might get worse. Earlier this week President Biden unveiled sweeping tariff hikes on a range of Chinese imports. Meanwhile the International Monetary Fund has criticized the Biden administration's move to aggressively raise tariffs on some Chinese goods including EVs. The fund said the U.S. economy would benefit more from open trade. The IMF has been stepping up criticism of its biggest and most influential shareholder of the surging debt levels trade restrictions and even the currency impact of tight fed policy. Two senior U.S. lawmakers have blasted a Washington based foundation for secretly accepting money from Huawei. They say the move flies in the face of efforts to keep foreign adversaries from compromising U.S. research follows Bloomberg News reporting that reveals how Huawei which is blacklisted by the U.S. secretly funded a research competition through the Optica Foundation. Right I mentioned some of those tariffs from the U.S. on China. Well take a look at Chinese solar stocks. They're falling as the Biden administration announced an initiative to help foster deeper domestic U.S. supply chain for solar panels manufactured in the U.S. so Chinese solar stocks suffering a little. Also weaker HSB shares dropping about 2.4 percent. They're about 3 percent. Now this is after Bloomberg reported the Ping An insurance is seeking to reduce its 8 percent stake in the bank. City analysts saying that overhang risks have increased. More clear it was the Ping An is going to get out of its stake. But yeah it's reducing it nonetheless. Let's take a look at global move as well. Looks like a risk off day to end the week. A lot of currencies in the region falling as well on U.S. dollar resurgence. Plenty more to come. This is Bloomberg. All right. Welcome back. We've got Chinese markets just about to head out on their lunch break. You're seeing some live pictures there of Shanghai at the moment. A little bit of a risk off day to finish the week. We've got the Shenzhen CSI 300 off by about a fifth of 1 percent right now. For a closer look at how markets are faring. Let's get to Avalon in Singapore. Avalon was catching up with China's Chinese market. But it's still a bit of a risk off day. Faring. Let's get to Avalon in Singapore. Avalon was catching up. Yeah. It's about the China data right and how it's sending this really sobering message of the supply demand and balances in the Asian economy. And that's sapping the optimism that we've seen earlier in the week about expectations of policy support for the real estate sector. Pretty solid earnings from the Chinese big tech names and the gauges are erasing the gains from earlier on in the session. We're seeing dollar China also moving higher keeping an eye on China bonds ahead of that sale of the special ultra long government bonds the 30 years. The expectation is that they will see some pretty solid demand. We're seeing the declines being paired though. And this is against the backdrop of that data dump causing concerns about China. Let's put the ball because I wanted to zero in on what we've been seeing on the Hong Kong markets of late and how that FOMO is really driving the rally up until today of course as investors were pretty determined content to just ignore the long term uncertainties focus on how sentiment was turning positive. And just yesterday we actually saw Hong Kong markets turnover pop to the highest level since the reopening rally in 2022. So just gives you a sense of what's driving the markets there. Flip the board again. Take a look at what's happening in Japan as we're back from the lunch break equities there are mostly lower on a day where investors are rethinking this Fed rate cut narrative. We're seeing the yen weakening towards one five six against the green back as well. Something to note here the B.O.J. left unchanged the amount of bonds is purchasing today after cutting back that on Monday which really sparked these speculation that we were seeing it perhaps take its foot off the pedal on the nation's debt market. So that speculation unwound a little bit against that backdrop and we're seeing the bonds still coming under pressure in Japan as well. All right. Thanks very much. Avalam let's get some more on markets now and bring in the Bloomberg M Live strategist Mary Nicola and Mary I want to start off on the data that we had out of China a real mixed bag strong numbers for industrial production. But where are the consumers. Yeah absolutely. It just shows what a patchery recovery we're seeing in China. But the real concern is just how consumers are faring and they're not faring very well based on the retail sales data. Sure there could be some sort of impact from from base effects. But at the end of the day it still shows that the consumer remains weak. The property sector continues to be a burden overall on the economy. So that really puts the onus on what we're going to see and what the policymakers deliver on that holistic approach from on the property sector. So there's supposed to be a meeting that is cut with details coming out of today on where there's supposed to be more details on what they'll do on the on the markets on the property sector. And that's really what we'll be looking for is how does that help boost consumer confidence. Yeah. Mary I want to get back to the questions around what's happening with property in a minute. But we've also got a that major bond sale getting underway today. Trillion Yuan that's one hundred and thirty nine billion dollars worth of ultra long dated securities. Solid demand is expected for that. What sort of yields might we anticipate. Yeah. Overall I think it was interesting that the government had put something out in terms of that we should be expecting something about between two and a half to three percent on ultra long bonds. But to be fair it's it's more about what the market is expecting and the market is expecting further easing from policymakers which would actually put downward pressure on yields and that should continue. And if the and of course if if this if it goes well that just shows how much of an anticipation that market participants are looking for yields to decline. So it's it's it's still really about more monetary policy coming through more easing coming through that is really going to be supportive for bonds. You know as you're talking about property it's never a dull moment in China's property markets. We've had the country garden liquidation hearing. Jones that's going to be resumed again on June 11. Perhaps not terribly surprising. But as you mentioned we do have that meeting today between key officials banks as well. Can we expect any sort of meaningful solution or at least some incremental progress into resolving the problems around China's property market today. The fact that they're moving in that direction and talking about a meeting for a holistic approach and of course targeting some of the unsold properties and what they could do with it is a is a step in the right direction. You know usually the the the main issue has been for a long time is that there hasn't been a solution on let's say targeting the supply glut or or revamp or supporting the developers in a more holistic solution in a more holistic way. But we're moving in that direction and policymakers are showing that they're willing to take on some of these difficult tasks especially because you're seeing how weak consumer confidence is how weak consumer demand is. So in addition to everything that's coming through on the property markets you're still going to see some needed much needed support from the fiscal side but this time more or less targeting the consumers especially if they are able to provide something on the property market. All right. M live strategist Mary Nicola there. Let's take a look at what's going on in the FX space around the Asia Pacific today. We're seeing a lot of the local currencies are losing ground at the moment. We've got a resurgence to US dollar. Of course we've been hearing from the number of Fed speakers including Loretta Mester John Williams Thomas Barkin as well all hammering that higher for longer themes. So that's helping support the greenback. So we're seeing some agent currencies losing ground the Japanese yen and the Philippines pay so among the worst performers today. And the Philippines central bank governor Eli Rimalona says that he wants to see lucid liquidity with current policy becoming tighter than necessary. He spoke to us exclusively after the central bank held its key rate but he signaled a readiness to pivot to easing. Still hawkish but less so than before. It may put pressure on the peso but so far it hasn't. The peso opened at 57 53 this morning. That's only seven cents that was weaker than than last night. So so far it hasn't really affected the peso. OK. It seems like right now 57 58 seems to be that magic number. People kind of bring up about whether the BSP would intervene. How far would you go in defending the currency. Well yesterday we didn't intervene at all. We were happy with the movement of the peso but if there's stress then we might come in. Stress means a large offer sizes high volatility and then we might intervene. Is it a wait and see kind of approach right now as well on the possible intervention when you were seeing that maybe the Fed though will not cut until December at the earliest according to some of the expectations. Is this a strong dollar story right now that you're battling against with the peso. Yes. Yes. It's been a strong dollar all along. Broadly strong dollar for the past several weeks. So we don't feel obliged to intervene. But we want to keep the market orderly. Governor also we heard some comments from you saying that perhaps some of these maritime incidents off the Philippines in the South China Sea with China have had an impact on on the peso. What are you seeing the direct correlation there. Well any any incident seems to affect the peso a bit so far so far not so sharply but recently none at all the incidents have not affected the peso. OK governor is there a concern in a way of the pass through of a weaker peso to inflation dynamics. Now is that a concern to you in any way. The past through has been very small for because the movements of the peso have been small. But that's not to say that if the peso we can sharply the past through may be significant. But so far it's it's been it's been small. It's been it's been there but small. What do you think you need to see to warrant that that cut in August. Governor Ramiloma. You know are the inflation dynamics. Do you think inflation will still remain in target of that two to four percent. Also domestic demand. Can that continue to soften or are there upsized risks to both of those scenarios. There are there are upside risks to both scenarios. But so far the peso I mean the inflation rate has been has been looking good. It's been trending down and output growth has remained intact. So those are those are pieces of good news for us which makes us more confident about possibly easing in the second half of this year. That's Philippine Central Bank Governor Ali Ramilona speaking exclusively on the China show. Still to come our exclusive with the CEO of India's HCL tech. Here why they're staying bullish on growth despite mounting pressure on the IT sector. That's coming up next. This is Bloomberg. All right. Just get you to some breaking news. We have of course been watching this auction of China's ultra long dated securities is getting underway today with 30 year notes. And here we go. This is how it's going. China's first special government bond auction. It's got a 3.91 bid to cover. We also have a 30 year special government bonds at 2.75 percent. Just see if we can get a little more detail on this for you. Of course it's one hundred and thirty nine billion dollars worth or one trillion yuan of special long dated securities going on sale. So some headlines just crossing now that first government bond auction 3.91 bid to cover and the 2.57 percent yield at the moment, which is pretty much in line with what we were anticipating. So we'll keep an eye on that and bring you more headlines as we get them. But let's get to India now and the country's role is growing in Asia's private equity venture capital markets. And according to Bain and Company, it accounted for about 20 percent of investments last year. Dealmaking, though, is expected to remain tempered this year. But traditional sectors are likely to attract outsized investments. Now, our next guest has co-authored a report on India's private equity scene in 2024. Say, Dio is a partner at Bain and Company, and she joins us now from Bangaluru. Say, thanks so much for joining us. I just want to start if you can tell us what the highlights in your latest PE report were. What really stood out for you? No, it's a great question for all and a pleasure to be here. Thank you for having me. You know, 2023 has been has been a unique year for private equity in India. Obviously, you know, the the the investments have been at about thirty nine billion, which is a little bit lower than the than the previous years. But the one stand out over last year has been exit activity. Last year was a mark here in terms of 30 billion of about exits of which private public markets accounted for a large part of it, about 50 percent was from from public markets. And a lot of it was non non IPO block trades, both across traditional as well as new aid sectors. So there's a one significant stand out over over the over the last year in 2023. Well, a lot of the time of the show, we we talk about the rotation, the tremendous growth story in India as well. But cyclical global factors, you say, have been weighing on VC investing. When do you see those factors beginning to reverse? It's a it's an interesting question. I think the way to think about it is, you know, India has been increasingly prominent in terms of a pack investments over the last few years. 2023 India was about 20 percent of overall investments, you know, within a pack versus, you know, less than 10 percent, less than 15 percent earlier. So while there are, you know, broader global macro factors that have kind of kept investments a little more on the tap website in 2024 is expected to remain relatively moderated. I think the important thing to focus on is, you know, just in terms of fund raises in terms of allocation of capital specifically to India, as well as, you know, sectors that are emerging that that hadn't seen a lot of activity over the last few years have been growing in prominence. Specifically, you know, in the traditional sectors, you've seen health care see a big upswing over the last year. We expect that to continue over this year. Advanced manufacturing is also seeing significant activity over this year. So I think the the the way in my mind to look at it, look at it would be to think about, you know, the sort of emerging green shoots out of the, you know, to the investment activity over last year. Well, let's look at where the activity was quite strong. A lot of deal making and health care. Are there any other sectors that you're seeing good traction in? It's again, a good question. And honestly, we think health care will continue to remain a focus this year. Last year was a lot of provider hospital chain activity. This year we expect to see a lot more within pharma, within medtech. And in some of these, those deals have already happened over this year. Additionally, we think that advanced manufacturing again, will see significant activity, think electronics, think packaging, specialty chem. Some tailwinds from China plus one, which will enable both manufacturing as well as export oriented industries to see some degree of traction. Historically, obviously tech services and IT has been a bastion of investment in India that will continue to anchor a large part of it. But maybe the salience will be a little bit on the lower side. And we also think that, you know, may not be this year, but especially over the next two or three years horizon, we think that private equity firms will also start thinking about a lot more investment into growth stage, you know, software as a service, as investments, potentially also a few, you know, consumer type platforms. So a lot of interesting activity, all of which we expect to come through over the next couple of years. And how are you thinking about PE firms that are putting money into companies with particularly high multiples? What sort of returns do you anticipate that? I would say it's a bit hard to comment specifically on that, but I would say that especially since 2021, we think deployment has been relatively more focused, more cautious. We've seen, you know, a lot of diligence activity pick up. So we expect that especially over the last couple of years, investments that have been made, hopefully with the watch out on, you know, internal IRR, etc. We expect that hopefully the caution kind of shows over the IRR vintage for this year and maybe a couple of the last years. So you mentioned software as a service there. Do you see any other areas where PE firms are deploying more money in India? And I'm thinking particularly in terms of the AI story. Also a good question. I think there are two parts to the AI story. Venture capital firms obviously will continue to think about a generative AI in India as a big part. And even within that, it's more applied generative on the application layer versus the infrastructure layer. For the PE firms, the angle in my mind is a little bit different. It's more in terms of what is the impact of generative AI in terms of impact on their existing portfolio companies, whether their portfolio companies could actually write that tailwind into, you know, offering better services and see better upswing in growth. Or if there are sort of, you know, firms that might need to actually think about headwinds from Gen AI. So from an investment activity, I think the focus is actually on evaluating a set of portfolio companies to figure out where generative AI would, you know, what is the impact and how best to write it out well so that the portfolio comes out well at the end of the cycle. All right, so, Dio partner with Bain and Company. Thanks so much for joining us. Let's take a look at some corporate stories that are making headlines in India. Mahindra and Mahindra was going to plow $1.4 billion into its electric vehicle business over the next three years as it doubles down on cleaner transport. The company told an earnings call that it's advancing towards production of six battery powered SUVs. Mahindra's fourth quarter profit jumping 32% to $244 million. And that beat analyst estimates. Vedanta Limited will pay $490 million in dividends for the current fiscal year, potentially extending another lifeline for its indebted parent, Vedanta Resources. The payout should help the group holding company execute its plan to repay $3 billion of debt over the next three years. It's already cut debt by 3.7 billion over the past two years. Norway's $1.7 trillion sovereign wealth fund is excluding Adani ports from its portfolio, citing risks that the company's tied to human rights violations. Excuse me. And now the decision follows recommendations from Norway's Council on Ethics. The Oslo based fund has had Goddha Madani's firm under observation since 2022, originally due to its involvement in Myanmar. Shares of India's IT outsourcing firms also facing a reality check after the last 20 years of strong growth. The gauge of Indian software socks has fallen through key levels of support and do a technical correction. Indian software makers have yet to make significant advances in generative AI that combined with a cloudy outlook for client spending could leave them looking like the tech bets of yesterday. India's third largest IT services firm, HCL Tech, has seemingly unfazed by the mounting pressure on the sector. The CEO told us exclusively about plans to spur growth and outperform peers. Given the broader macroeconomic environment, HCL Tech has had an exceptional year. We had a very good year in FY23, FY24 we grew 5.4% in US dollar terms, which is probably the highest growth rate in the industry. So in this environment, what really matters is how relevant are your propositions to your clients? We won about $9.8 billion of net new business during the year and it's a good mix of trying to drive more efficiency for our customers and do some amount of transformation work, continuing their investments in cloud, cybersecurity, data, SAP. So those are the areas where clients continue to spend in this environment. Yeah, and Verizon was obviously a big win. What are you looking at in terms of what other deals are potentially out there and how aggressive is the competition for that? Yeah, so Verizon is a landmark deal. It's not an outsourcing deal. It's really a business partnership, trying to deliver managed network services for the Verizon in clients, which are probably most of the global 500 companies are Verizon's network customers and we are the service provider to enable them. We have a very robust pipeline. It's got a number of large deals which are driving more efficiency for our clients and it's also got some high priority areas where clients are investing in. Like data is a very, very big theme, especially with everybody trying to do the whatever best out of the possible with generative AI. Data becomes a very important component, which they need to get it right. For us, North America continues to be a very bright spot. Financial services, we grew 13% roughly last year and Europe is a little bit soft. We think A&Z, Australia, ASEAN markets will also pick up fast because we have some market clients. We service across different verticals. I see a momentum growing in Asia. Yeah, as you said, the guidance for HCL Tech has been stronger than its peers. Does that mean you're more involved when it comes to hiring? Yes. In fact, we are the only company which had a net addition in headcount in the last year. While most of the industry reduced headcount, we are continuing to be optimistic. Of course, we've delivered very high growth as well compared to the industry last year. That is HCL Tech CEO C. Vijaya Kumar speaking exclusively with Bloomberg's ID Strahdwads. Let's take a look at India markets now. Well, similar theme to what we're seeing around the region really a modestly risk-off tone at the moment. We've got the Sensex benchmark index off by about a quarter of 1%. The other index is looking pretty similar. All right, more in a moment. This is Bloomberg. OK, let's take a look at how we're tracking with that bond auction in China. So we're off to start for this bond sale. Modest started is $40 billion, $5.5 billion US dollars of 30-year notes. Sold in average yield of 2.57% is pretty much what we were expecting. A median forecast of 2.55% was expected in the Bloomberg survey, which was conducted. So plenty more to go in that sale. This is the first time in about 30 years or fourth time in 30 years that China has turned to this kind of debt for fiscal stimulus. Take a look at some of these China tech names doing pretty well. Alibaba up by 6.8% Baidu up by 3% after its earnings announcement. And that is it from Bloomberg Markets Asia, Horizons Middle East in Africa. Up next.