 From New York City, for our viewers, worldwide, I am Scarlet Foo and right now we're looking at little change for equity markets on this Friday. You have S&P futures, ZazzTech futures, so just slightly, about one-tenth of one-percent to two-tenths of one-percent, the Russell 2000 futures indicating a lower open for the moment. The countdown to the open starts right now. Coming up, stocks set to close out a fourth straight week of gains at record highs. We've got the FedSpeak extravaganza continuing today. Daly, Waller and Kashkari are on the docket and memes become nightmares as the route and game stop extends to day three. We begin with the big issue, which is preparing for higher market for longer. Incoming economic information indicates that it's going to take longer to gain that confidence. So holding our restrictive stance for longer is prudent at this point as we gain clarity about the path of inflation. All right, let's start our conversation now with Bloomberg's Liz McCormick. Liz, we got the cooler inflation number that everyone was waiting for and yet when you listen to Fed officials speaking, they're still saying, let's keep waiting. Let's keep seeing how things progress. Why is that? Yeah, it's definitely a unified full court press that they're sticking with higher for longer. I think they have to scarlet because we had those three bad months of inflation. Now we got one good one. They're seeing some signs of easing, let's say softness, not really soft in the labor market. So they want to be patient because they want to make sure it's not like a head fake. I mean, that's to their credit. They have to see a continued trend. We're still far from 2 percent on their target for PCE. So I think they want to kind of temper excitement a little bit, although like you just mentioned stocks are doing well. So risk assets are doing well. But I think the Fed just wants to say, hey, the path of lease resistance and what's probably going to be good is just keep these high rates and they are high for a little bit longer. They don't want to kind of oversell easing coming soon. Right. Stocks are higher. Also bonds, if you look at the tenure doing well too, you've got the 10 year extending its rally to a third straight week last night. The tenure yield touched a five week low of 4.3 percent. What is the thinking here that investors are still pushing ahead with this idea that they can continue plowing into bonds even as a rate cut is not necessarily in the cards in the near term? Yeah, I think they still believe that Fed wants to cut this year. They want to somehow pull off some kind of cut. I think that's the majority of what traders think, albeit maybe it's only in December. Who knows markets price for like September. So I think in bond land, you still have attractive yields. You got decent coupons. And I think what's sure of Scarlett is that the lease seems as of now that the market doesn't think the Fed is going to hike the head. The Fed has kind of taken that risk away. So if you're sitting here taking in nice yields and eventually the Fed is going to pivot to easing this year, bonds still look good. Although I did speak to a big asset manager yesterday or does major asset allocation and she said, hey, they're moving a little bit out of rates land and overweight into equities because there's better returns there. So maybe there's people chasing a little bit higher yields and stocks because they've been great returns. But I think bond land people still think you'll get a positive total return this year. All right. Fantastic setup there. Bloomberg's Liz McCormick. Thank you so much. Let's dig into this further now with Monica Defend. She is head of the Amundi Institute as well as Eric Knudsen, multi-class or I should say multi-asset class CIO at Newburger, Berman. Monica, let me start with you here. When it comes to equities versus bonds, which is in a better position with given where we are right now with this higher for longer scenario of the Fed not doing much and just staying pat and monitoring data? Well, it really is that dependent, right? So as long as earnings will continue to prove solid sitting on solid margins, these might really make the opportunities open to enter into the risky asset mobile. When it goes to the asset allocation on our side, what I have to say, we are quite selective on the equity side. Europe, UK balancing between cyclicals and the fence. High dividend stocks. While in the margin market, there are some nice idiosyncratic story that goes to the supply chain relocation or disposal of natural resources on the bond side. We really maintain quite a flexible duration positioning with a preference of buyers for a long duration one and eyes open on the periphery, which we lack at the moment in Europe. Okay, eyes open on periphery. Let me bring in, of course, Eric for his take. Eric, where do you sit in terms of equity market performance? The big caps have done very well. Semiconductor stocks seem to be rolling over a little bit here, but no one's saying that there isn't more growth prospects coming out of that sector. Yeah, overall, we want to have exposure to equities in this environment. The fundamental setup remains quite positive for equities with a lot of equity markets. We want to have a resilient growth, still strong consumers, still strong labor markets, inflation falling, although probably not as fast as perhaps people thought, but still on a downward trajectory, and central banks determined to shift from hawkish to accommodative at some point, whether it's this year or next, combine that with fiscal stimulus and lots of liquidity. That's a setup that is still supportive of equity markets. But within equity markets, we want to be biased on the areas of equity market planning, so perhaps down the capitalization spectrum, we'll focus on quality and business resilience, and in areas that are perhaps more cyclically sensitive and will do better in a higher for longer and perhaps more inflationary environment. In that context, we would say it's more of a fair fight between equities and say short to intermediate term bonds, given the yields available and the risk reward of that short to intermediate portion of the yield curve. Eric, I'm curious to get your take on what you think of the resurgence of meme stocks this week. They've had an up and down week, two days up, two days down, and right now it looks like they are going to fall today. What do you make of this? Do you think that this is the start of a new cycle, or is it a contrarian sign? I think it's just a sign that there's lots of liquidity in the system and with some, you know, potential tail risk associated with the extremes of either high inflation or increased risk of recession being kind of taken off the table by some of the data and some of the policy statements, just animal spirits associated with liquidity. You saw, you know, 7% move in Bitcoin the other day. That's just about marginal liquidity and not something that investors should get sucked into. Okay, understood. Monica, let me go back to you. You mentioned that you're slightly constructive on US duration with a flexible approach. What does that mean? What does that look like? Well, given the volatility that we've been experiencing on the interest rates market, it has been really difficult to play top down stories while having in mind that it's true higher for longer, but we stay on the camp of those who believes that the ECB and the Fed will cut probably when it goes to the Fed even in July. So we're a little bit out of consensus there. And therefore, we've been managing the positioning accordingly. With a preference for the sipping of the curve. We had a Rick Reader on David Weston spoke with him, Rick Reader of BlackRock, and he made the point that the rate hikes that the Fed undertook did not necessarily tackle inflation. And the reason is because high rates allow wealthy Americans to earn more on their fixed income investments. And in earning more, they're spending more. And by spending more, they're keeping prices elevated. Does that make sense to you? Yes, it does. And actually, what we've been doing has been to dream of a way of making a good living. It has been to drill down consumption into consumer cluster. And it is true that is the middle high income part of the economy that is really doing well, but the rest is not. And at this level of rates, they are really suffering. So somehow, as a policymaker, you should take this into account eventually. And there's a headline there about spot silver rising to $30.43 an ounce, the highest since 2013. Eric, let me bring you in again, because commodities, although not as cheap as they were three months ago, is something that you are looking at carefully, seeing it as a hedge against inflation spikes. How do you express this? Are you doing this through ETFs? Are you doing this through mining companies? Oh, it depends on the client mandate and the guidelines of what we're trying to implement. Where we can, we're doing it directly with futures on specifically WTI for energy, gold and copper, both to create a combination of geopolitical risk hedges and downside risk hedges, as well as inflationary hedges and hedges to the need for more copper, for example, for decarbonization. That will also help if China has surprisingly strong growth and also geopolitical shocks, particularly through oil. You mentioned, China mentioned geopolitical shocks. We will get to that shortly. Eric Knudsen of Newburger, Berman, thank you so much for being with us. Monica, stick with us. We've got a lot more to discuss with you. Now, in the meantime, let's bring in Abigail Doolittle to take a look at some of the individual movers that are on move right now ahead of the opening bell. Abby? Well, we have quite a few of them, Scarlett, despite the fact that the futures are basically flat. Some big movers here starting off with the shares of Reddit. They are up sharply, up about 11 percent after they have made a pact with OpenAI to bring content to CHEP GPT. Investors seem to like that a lot. Take two, on the other hand, the gaming company, well, it's well off of its lows, at the lows that have been down far more than just half a percent. But there's some more disappointment around the timing of Grand Theft Auto 6. It won't be coming around until the fall of 2025. And the quarter that was in the forecast, not quite what investors were hoping for. And then, of course, there is GameStop. Now, the stock is still up more than its $10 level or thereabouts before the recent meme rally. In fact, it's a double from those levels. But on the morning, extending three days of decline down about 19 percent, they missed sales estimates. They came in with preliminary net sales, so basically a pre-announcement here of $872 million to $892 million. The estimate is a greater than $1 billion. And then, of course, there's also the headline that they may sell up to 45 million shares of their Class A stock that, of course, would offer some big-time dilution. Investors not liking that news at all, Scarlett. All right. Good stuff. Abigail, we will check in with you a little bit later. Coming up, China unveiling its most forceful attempt yet to support the struggling property sector. We're going to have all the details next. This is Bloomberg. Today, the focus wasn't even on the data. It's about the rescue of the property sector, the supposed rescue. So that really opens up Asia in particular. If you ask me, you know where our clients least allocated based on our data relative to benchmark, clearly Asia is where it is. And maybe there's an opening there for Flows to redirect. That was Jeff Yew of BNY Mellon addressing Beijing's rescue package to prop up China's property market and what it could mean for investments in the region. Let's take a deeper dive into those implications. Bloomberg's end occurring joins us now from Washington. And first of all, Beijing unveiling its latest measures to resolve or end the property crisis. What are the specific measures it took and how does it differ from previous efforts? Well, it's a mix of steps that includes bringing down down payments, for example, and making it easier to get a mortgage by bringing down mortgage rates. There's also about say 40, 41 billion US dollar equivalent of money being given to state owned entities to go on by unsold homes and in turn then recycle those into social housing. And the point is that collectively it's probably the biggest step that authorities have taken so far on the housing market. It certainly signals a new degree of urgency by the authorities in Beijing. And you know, this is what a lot of the outside world has been waiting for when it comes to China's economy. A lot of people looking for the outside in have been asking, why hasn't China taken more aggressive steps to stabilise housing market and turn things around? Data that came out on Friday showed prices fell by the most in month on month and a decade over April. Well, this looks like authorities are now starting to pull some levers at least on that front. OK, so taking a bigger, more meaningful step towards resolving the property crisis, however, does or do these latest measures address the critical issue of a supply demand mismatch? Well, I think, look, we're going to have to wait and see how it all plays out and whether or not it does work. But you're talking about a sector of the economy that it makes up maybe between 20 and 25% of activity in China. The property sector is a huge multiplier. It's obviously critical. We had data on Friday showing consumer spending continued to go in the wrong direction at the time the industrial side of things is doing OK. So clearly the authorities realise they have to address the housing slump for their own domestic demand, sorry, for their own economy and if they want to meet their own growth target. There's also a global political angle to it, by the way, because China is getting criticised for making lots of stuff and selling it overseas because they can't sell it at home. Well, China can now say, look, we're putting money on the table here to stoke demand and to rev up our own consumer base. Fantastic wrap up there. Bloomberg's end occurring with the latest on the China data dump and, of course, the latest measures to support its real estate market. Let's bring back Monica D'Fend. She is head of the Amundi Institute to talk a little bit more about investing in the region. You heard earlier, Jeff, you talking about how China and Asia is under owned by a lot of funds. Where are you when it comes to exposure to China, exposure to Asia? Well, when it goes to China, we really need to frame it over a longer perspective, which makes the rebalancing of the economy credible. What is happening though in the short term, obviously the unbalance in particular in the real estate sector is so wide that we need to see more. And this is the step by step policy efforts that we are seeing displayed by the authorities. So we welcome what has been done so far, but still unfortunately it is not enough. I've said that since I will say the pandemic, there is this new geopolitical disorder that is allowing near-shoring, or showing, and in particular the regions in the neighborhood of China getting trapped. I'm thinking about India, Indonesia, South Korea. Those countries are really interesting because of idiosyncratic story. Might be the electric vehicles, the green transition, the digital transformation, the availability of natural resources, the supply chain relocation. But what is interesting there is that there are really idiosyncratic story that make the region, per se, appealing even at China. Right. Okay. So you've got to do your homework and you can't go in there necessarily with big, big themes because they don't necessarily apply. You've got to look for companies from a bottoms-up approach. So I'm curious. You mentioned rebalancing. And of course we know that China has been rebalancing its economy from one that's investment and export driven to one that is investment demand driven for years now. The property crisis really tripped that up. Where are we do you think in that rebalancing effort? I think that they are, if not at the initial stages, at least in the middle, when it goes, for example, to the rebalancing of the real estate sector on other fronts such as the energy transition, definitely they are running fast. The geopolitical angle is something relevant. We think that the situation with the U.S. will continue to move along the same path. But it would be interesting to see how the relationship with the Euro area will deploy. So really to make there are many, many bricks that have to stay in the right order to see this progression towards a more stable economy. What does that mean for Europe, which of course has much closer ties in many ways to China manufacturing than the U.S. given the efforts by the U.S. to reshor or to at least near shore a lot of the manufacturing. Well, what has happened so far is that we have been seeing more and more one to one relationship with China at country level rather than a European response. Probably it would be necessary to have a clear and shared industrial policy in the in the U.S. area, which is in the plan and possibly after the election that will take place early in the summer, we will see what kind of steps will follow. Got it. Got it. Let's talk a little bit about Europe more carefully here. We got the data on inflation. Your zone CPI core CPI rose 2.7 percent as expected. It does look like European inflation, disinflation that is, is coming faster than a lot of people had anticipated and perhaps the ECB will move before the Federal Reserve. What does that mean in terms of how you position yourself? Well, whether it is faster, I don't know. Definitely is that this inflation trend that is clear and probably is a clearer than in the United States. The ECB has been honestly quite vocal and saying that it's expected now that they will cut rate in in June. However, we believe that there won't be much space to diverge from the Fed. So 50 basis point might be in the pot as a divergence between the two central banks. But then if we go beyond that, we might see some inflation coming. Don't forget that oil prices are in US dollars. So these are the divergence between the two central banks will eventually be reflected on the effect space cascading down to to inflation. So this is the call when it goes to monetary policy. When it goes to the equity market, it is interesting because given the central banks stock cutting rate, the cycle recovery, there might be some pockets in the market. Small cap, for example, that might be appealing. All right. Good stuff. Monica Defend of the Amundi Institute. Thank you so much for joining us on the open coming up. We've got the morning calls and a little bit later, a preview of Boeing's annual shareholder meeting set to begin in a few hours. Gaby Fun's portfolio manager, Tony Bancroft, sets the stage ahead of discussions. That conversation is still ahead. This is Bloomberg. This is the countdown to the close to the open. Excuse me. I don't normally do the open. I'm Scarlett Foo. Let's take a quick look at markets right now. Futures indicating a mixed open is certainly when you look across the size scale. But for big cap stocks, we're looking at modest gains. The S&P futures up about just marginally two points. NASA futures up by one tenth of one percent. And this is, of course, after the major index is closed at record highs on Wednesday. Russell futures right now indicating a somewhat lower open. Let's take a look at what's going on in Bond land. You've got moves higher in yields, whether it's the two year, tenure or 30 year, just marginal moves here in any case. For the week, the 10 year yield is set to rally for a third straight week, which means, of course, yields move in the opposite direction. Ten year yield, actually yesterday, touching 4.3 percent, a five week low. Let's get you now our morning calls. This is a look at some of the analyst recommendations this morning. And first up is Wolf Research, upgrading United to outperform, highlighting the company's impressive fundamentals and strengthening domestic travel trends. Next up is BTIG upgrading Darden to buy, touting the restaurant operator's attractive dividend yield and compelling valuation. And finally, Bank of America upgrading Robinhood to buy from outperform, from underperform. The analysts raising shares by two notches, given the recent surge in retail engagement. Now, coming up, we are looking ahead to Boeing's big shareholder meeting. That conversation is up next with Tony Bancroft of Gabelli Funds. In the meantime, the opening bell is up next. This is the open on Bloomberg. This is the Countdown to the Open. I'm Scarlet Foo. We're just moments away from the start of trading and futures indicating a mixed open at the moment. This, of course, after indexes closed at record highs on Wednesday. The Dow yesterday did pierce 40,000, but couldn't hold on. And so we did close the lower. There's no real meaningful economic data on the board today. We do have LEI at 10 a.m. after the open. We do have Fed speakers as well. So we'll bring you those headlines when we get there. Let's change up the boards and take a look at how other asset classes are performing. You do have a euro dollar moving lower, marginally so, at 108.85, 108.55. Excuse me. The 10-year yield also not doing a whole lot. 4.39% at the moment. Of course, there's a lot of caution after the excitement of this week's cooler CPI print. And Fed officials have made clear they want to stay higher for longer and monitor the data. New York crude also moving marginally higher still below $80 a barrel. Now, one stock to watch at the open GameStop. The shares extending their drop to a third day after posting disappointing results and announcing plans to sell up to 45 million in shares. Abigail Touloudal has more. Abigail. Well, over the last three days, Scarlett, we now have the shares of GameStop down about 70%. That, of course, after in the month of May, from the beginning of May to the recent peak on the meme rally sparked by Roaring Kitty up 500%. So lots of volatility for the shares of GameStop. Now, earlier this morning in the pre-market, both GameStop and AMC had been higher, but then the news came from GameStop, essentially a pre-announcement to the downside for their first quarter. They are saying that their preliminary net sales are going to be between $872 million and $892 million. The estimate just a little bit above $1 billion. That sent the stock lower. And then the additional news that came out is that they may sell up to 45 million shares of their class, a common stock. They basically filed for this and they could do it through Jefferies as their sales agent. They said that their plans to use any net proceeds from the offering for general corporate purposes. Now, of course, AMC earlier this week had already had the filing in place to be able to take advantage of the rally. So they did some moves with their capital stock. GameStop had not had that in place, but now they are making this announcement. And of course, the fears of dilution, the stock down 21%, again, this stock over the last three days down 70%. And into the sell-off scarlet in the month of May, the stock had been up 500%. Lots of volatility, not for the faint of heart. Absolutely. A clear roller coaster ride there. Thank you so much, Abigail. Let's stick with entertainment because Take 2, the video game publisher, giving week full your guidance and announcing the highly anticipated Grand Theft Auto 6 will not come out until fall 2025. Simone Foxman has more on this one. Simone? Yes, Scarlett. Talk about a roller coaster in shares. We initially saw in the post market yesterday shares of Take 2 fall about 10%. And then it kind of recouped some of these losses. Now we're looking at shares that are higher this morning after that release date was announced. Now, interestingly, this will put the release in fiscal year for Take 2, 2026. That is why the company was forced to report guidance that is lower than expectations. This is 5.55 to 5.65 billion dollars a year ago. It had estimated full year revenue for the 2025 of $8 billion and the consensus had been around $7 billion. But Grand Theft Auto 6 expected to be one of the highest-grossing video games of all time. There was a report in March that it could be delayed into calendar year 2026. So we are seeing some enthusiasm here that it's not going to be that date. Morgan Stanley calling the delay to Grand Theft Auto 6, removing a major overhang in the shares. And Deutsche Bank says it sees strength in its other businesses. That was part of the reason we saw pretty decent fourth quarter earnings. And Deutsche Bank also saying that the long-term opportunity it believes for Take 2 remains intact. Scarlett. So the release date gives a little bit more certainty to something that was a big question mark. Simone, thank you so much. Let's turn now to the chip industry. Applied materials did not exactly impress investors with its latest forecast following a rally in the shares this year. Isabel Lee has more on this one. Isabel. Hey Scarlett. This is an interesting stock to watch because in the pre-market it was trading lower yesterday. It's also down. But now shares are popping. So I guess investors are still digesting the news. But then you're right. The company did give out a forecast that failed to live up to investors extremely high expectations. And so applied materials is the largest maker of chip making machinery in the U.S. So this is typically seen as the bellwether of the chip industry. And it's reported actually sales the top average estimates and profit range was also in line. But to your point it was really the outlook that failed to impress. And we have the CEO saying that near term expects some digestion that they're not expecting that it will it will be a significant growth here this year. But he also did say that he's extremely bullish about the prospects of AI chips. Investors really have been looking to apply materials for any sign that the chip industry is recovering applied materials supplies to the industry's biggest manufacturers. This includes Samsung Intel and TSMC. But Morgan Stanley though is not that pessimistic. The company reiterated its equal weight rating and saying that they're impressed with a firm's execution. That they don't see an imminent negative catalyst with China spending. We have also Citi raising its price target and maintaining its buy rating for now shares are holding up up around 2 percent and near to date also up around 30 percent. Yeah I look at the semi the Philadelphia semiconductor index and applied materials the second best performer at the moment. Isabel. Thank you so much. So from chips to social media Reddit announcing a partnership with Open AI that will bring its content to chat GPT and new AI features to its forums. Ed Ludlow has more on this one from San Francisco. Ed. Good morning Scarlett and welcome back to the morning. You know it's interesting. It's clearly markedly higher around 10 percent flirting with it with a fresh record high since its IPO. It's actually a two way relationship. So Open AI will get access to Reddit forum text data in order to train its models but it also be able to show Reddit posts through its consumer and enterprise facing chat box. What does Reddit get out of it. Well Morgan Stanley estimates anywhere from 40 to 50 million dollars of very high margin revenue every year. So that's clearly a boon. But also Reddit's talking about offering its own AI tools within the Reddit forum that are built on Open AI's large language models. So it's not the first type of licensing deal Reddit's done. They have one existing one with Google and they've kind of been like super disciplined. Every time I speak to one of the executives they say it's very early days. It's an early market. We're still an advertising based business. But clearly the market sees a lot of potential in this. And what's so cool about Reddit information is it's kind of like real time. Right. It's a snapshot of what actual humans are saying about all kinds of stuff as opposed to kind of historic backwards looking text data that training large language models usually entails by going through databases through the Internet essentially. And so on the other side of the table those building a large language model see a lot of value in Reddit. The question for the street and the cell side is in particular is well that's really good. When's the next one. How many more of these can you do. Yeah. Well Reddit delivering on what it had told investors it would do which is get into licensing its data. And of course chat GPT will need to learn how to decipher a lot of acronyms. Thank you so much. Now another stock to watch right now is Boeing. It is lower in the early trade right now losing about a quarter of one percent. The company holding its annual shareholder meeting today. Joining us now for more is Tony Kraft portfolio manager of Gobelli funds. Tony does own Boeing in his portfolio. So Tony this annual shareholder meeting is going to be held virtually. There's a lot on the agenda from safety issues of course to CEO pay to a CEO search to the election of board directors. What is most urgent for you. You know I think all those all those issues are are important timely issues. But I think the big picture is Boeing number one. They need to they need to hire a new CEO. Now that they have announced that their CEO Calhoun is going to be stepping down. Number two they've got to get the spirit acquisition done. Number three they've got to get production rates you know for the 737 backup and back to where investors expect. And number four they've got to get the 77 deliveries production rates of high chain squared away. And I think that those are the real four material items that are going on in Boeing's world. And the stocks probably going to be involved high volatility until until that point. OK so of those big issues what are you likely to learn the most about at today's shareholder meeting. Do you think. You know I think there is going to be very formulaic in a sense of they'll go through what the agenda is and they'll vote and they'll vote. You know how ever you know however proxy voting committees will vote and go with recommendations. You know our proxy voting committee has you know had had its view. And I think it'll most of it will probably be along those lines. I'm sure there'll be there will be issues coming up from the recent January 5th incident. And among other things the spirit acquisition as well. OK. So let's talk about the CEO search. There's a question about whether Boeing needs to go outside the company for its next leader. The problem is the underlying businesses are not really easy for outsiders to master. You've got complex engineering high volume manufacturing. And of course now. Well I shouldn't say now but high safety standards that may have been a concern up until recently. You cover the aerospace and defense industry. Can this leader this kind of leader only be found in peers in rivals. You know I think I think you probably can make a case for both sides of the argument. You can you can probably find highly successful companies that have had obviously insiders people that are outsiders but it within the industry and then complete outsiders and show extreme success. I'd say maybe specific to the aerospace and defense industry. Maybe specific of Boeing just because the largest commercial playing manufacturer. You probably want someone that has a background in in in the the commercial you know or or defense aerospace industry. Someone that understands a pretty technical highly engineering highly engineering you know components. So but with that being said I you know there's there's probably a lot of options out there. And I think Boeing probably has a lot of great you know probably a lot of great candidates that they're that they're looking at right now. OK. Tony have you added or trimmed your position recently. If not what are you more likely to do. Add or trim. You know what. So I've been you know I've been slowly adding to my position and you know over the long term I'm still a long term buyer on Boeing. We think that you know the secular trends the tailwinds that the industry has on both sides of the commercial aerospace side the aftermarket side and then the fence the fence industry you're just going to see continues secular you know secular growth on both industries going forward just with all the political instability and just demand for travel with this experiential generation and the emerging economies wanting to come to middle class. So I mean doesn't that get to the gist of it which is despite all these issues despite the long to do list that Boeing has to tackle. Demand for its airplanes remain intact. And that's not going anywhere anytime soon because you've only got Airbus as the alternative. You know I mean you I don't think you could have said it better Scarlett you know through the pandemic which was the worst downturn in you know commercial aviation you know Boeing and Airbus essentially had net increases in in their backlog. So I just think there's something to be said there about that in all reality for all intents and purposes is going to remain a duopoly for the foreseeable investable future. So I think there's just a lot of there's a lot of various entry and there's a lot of reasons to want to own these these two you know to own the OEMs and to own just the aerospace and the fence industry in a hole. Tony before we let you go if there's any room for surprise in today's shareholder meeting what what might be the surprise. Yeah I'm sure there could potentially be a surprise with you know people voting voting against. I mean it's really not a surprise because both of the proxy have have sort of offsetting views. But you could see you know maybe people you know not voting voting against maybe what the general thought was of the board or CEO pay. But I think in the long run it's they're really that's not the fact that's going to change anything for Boeing in the long run. All right got it. Tony Bancroft of Gobelli funds. Thank you so much for joining us with a preview on Boeing's shareholder meeting that begins in just over an hour. Coming up the advancement of generative AI continues. People are continuing to see the advancements. We haven't stood still in gen AI. I think lots of things are happening there so people can extrapolate about the productivity improvements ahead. We take a look at the world of AI next. This is the open on Bloomberg. This week we continue to see lots of interesting news on gen AI right. Project Astro have you tried. Chat GBT 4 0 writes of some of the power of these applications is still to come. And I think that will encourage investors. That was Nancy Curtin. Altie Tiedemann global CIO speaking to Bloomberg earlier this morning. Of course this comes ahead of a big big week in tech. Nvidia reporting earnings next Wednesday. Let's bring in Bloomberg's bring back Bloomberg's Ed Ludlow for more. Ed you're in San Francisco. Nvidia is the one thing that everyone's paying attention paying attention to. Earning season is largely over. But if you want to get a snapshot of where demand for AI is coming and what it looks like in the coming months you can look no further than Nvidia. Yeah that's right. And the timing of it at the end of the season is kind of interesting. Right. Because because it's the main state of everything that's happened. It underpins the infrastructure build out we're seeing. You know with Nvidia's earnings on the 22nd It's super important to just simplify the story. And the story right now with AI is that Nvidia accounts for the majority of the market of AI accelerators high performance GPU that can run lots of data processes in parallel. But those data processes processes are being run in only one place. That is the hyperscalers the large cloud market leaders principally Amazon AWS Microsoft Azure and Google Cloud which has some of its own silicon as well. And so a big question that everyone has is like hold on. There's billions of dollars here only going to one place. But there are loads of people training large language models that would want to and do it just at a smaller scale. And so that's the next step of the evolution. When does Nvidia and all of the tech partners it have take that tech and kind of give it to SMEs you know small governmental arms and send it a little bit down the chain. And that's what we'll look for the commentary on in earnings. OK. Fantastic thing for us to look ahead to when it comes to Nvidia's commentary. You and your colleagues who cover the technology industry for Bloomberg have talked this week about the prospect of M&A in the AI space. And we saw some of that with Snowflake in talks to acquire the startup but Rika AI for more than a billion dollars. It's a really interesting one billion dollar deal. And as you say it's very timely. Basically every conversation I'm having is that consolidations coming particularly for the smallest or weakest of AI startups that are running out of cash. They are spending a lot on compute to train models and they're running out. But also the other side of that that story is that big techs kind of sucking the oxygen out of the room. Q Snowflake and Rika AI. And that's exactly what's happening. Snowflake's acquiring what is a maker of large language models. It has a classic AI back story which is that it was founded 2022 by X meta and X Google researchers so common particularly in this part of the world. And you know Snowflake kind of sits on that layer above cloud computing just as say a Salesforce does or a Databricks does. But you see increasingly those bigger cloud based software names want to have their own LLM competence and acquiring them is one way of doing it. And it's an interesting read on the Bloomberg for sure. Yeah. Definitely. And of course the smaller you are I guess there's less of a risk that the regulators are going to come after you. Certainly if you're the biggest big tech companies doing so we'll raise the ire of the FTC and the DOJ. Yeah. Well I still reckon that we should keep our eye out for some M&A or the prospect of M&A being looked at this year. But yes. And at the same time you know the other part of the NVIDIA story is the NVIDIA NVIDIA is training its own models and sees itself as a one stop shop. So all of the sprint of the last year for companies being small to say I'm going to train my own model whether it has millions billions or tens of billions of parameters. Maybe that was a bit overdone. And that's a part of the consolidation. Too many people were trying to do the same thing. Yes. Absolutely. Bloomberg's Ed Luddlow great context there. And of course Ed will be very busy because on Monday he'll be at the Dell World Conference in Las Vegas where he will be joined by CEOs of some of the biggest names in technology including the NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang. Now for some of the sector price action this morning let's get over to Bloomberg's Abigail Doolittle. A little change on the day but movement within the sectors Abigail. A very little change on the day right now we are literally flat slightly to the downside for the SMT 500. But yes we do have a number of sectors on the move right now slightly more to the downside led by consumer staples but down just three times of one percent. So not a lot of movement there within those down sectors. And similar story for to the upside materials the best sector up about four tens of one percent. So it seems as though investors are a little bit tired. We of course are looking at a four week streak in a row for the S&P 500 on the week. Most sectors are higher led by technology. But earlier of course we did have the breaking news on silver hitting its highest level since 2013 back above thirty dollars per ounce. We have this rally for metals perhaps because metals gold and silver and copper for that matter do well whether the there's an inflation story or if the Fed does cut and turns a little bit dovish. And we also have some interesting news on Microsoft a report saying that they may be changing the way that they charge for their call of duty game that it will be a subscription model scarlet. That's not very little changed on the day actually down a little bit. But on the week we can see that tech is higher up again about three point three percent up for a fourth week in a row. All right. Good stuff. Abigail. Thank you so much for the latest era. We'll keep keeping an eye on the moves across the equity markets coming up the market moving events that you need to be watching for next. Our trading diary is up next. This is the open on Bloomberg. Taking a look at markets about 30 minutes after the start of U.S. trading flat on the day right now the Russell 2000. It's the only one that kind of has a direction up by one tenth of one percent the Nasdaq one hundred little change the S&P 500 unchanged. And of course this comes after the Nasdaq the S&P and the Dow close at record highs on Wednesday. Time now for the trading diary. This is what you need to be watching for the rest of the day through next week. We've got Fed's week ramping up with Waller and Kashkari at the top of the hour will bring you the headlines as a cross Boeing hosting its shareholder meeting later this morning. It'll be virtual helmed by the chairman Steve Malenkov investors will be seeking updates on its search for a new CEO to succeed outgoing chief Dave Calhoun. Then moving to next week we get more Fed's week from Bostick and Barr on Monday followed by Barkin Mester Williams and Collins on Tuesday and Nvidia earnings coming after the closing bell that day. And finally watch out for the Fed minutes on Wednesday. This was the countdown to the open.