 It's a big noisy universe of stocks out there. Welcome to goodbye or goodbye. Our goal is to help cut through that noise to navigate the best moves for your portfolio. Today we're examining your leisure spending dollars. Where are they going? Joining me here to discuss is James Damert, Main Street Research Chief Investment Officer. Good to see you again, James. Good to see you too. Thanks so much for being here. Let's get to the stock you do like first and that is booking holdings. As we are still seeing people travel to some extent the stock has done well over the past year so let's get to your case here. First of all it starts with the growth and it starts with the profit margins both of which are about 20 percent. So 20 percent sales growth, revenue growth we're talking about specifically there, right? Yeah and a 20 percent profit margin and a consistent profit margin and a 20 percent growth of earnings. So those two consistent numbers are really one of the things that we think is so fabulous about this company based in Amsterdam. We're global investors so we love looking at the US companies but also these companies based in Europe. Right and of course booking also has a big business here in the US as well as globally a lot in Europe as well. Now there's a lot of places to book your travel right now, right? But you say they have built a moat around the business model. Explain what you mean there. They really have. You know in the beginning when they started out the big competition was that Google would get in the business, Amazon right with this tremendous amount of cash flow and they tried but they were unable and over time what's happened is booking has just created what I call a moat, right? This is hard to penetrate market share and the more they have this the more it continues to be a stronghold. What's really interesting about and I think what creates that moat it's the ease of use of their web access and now they have an AI trip advisor. Of course they do. This thing tells you where you want to go, what car you might at least be for, even your thread counting your sheets. I mean it's really pretty amazing. Wow, like that filter. I'm going to have to click on that one the next time I book something. And then finally there's the valuation that you're looking at as well and you know that you are seeing that growth that you pointed out but at what you say is a good valuation. Yeah I think you know here outside of AI and all this if you want a consistent grower that's not a tech stock. This is a 22 times earnings growing at 20% a year. I think it's just a really great consistent part of any portfolio construction. So as you know we always like to talk about what could go wrong with the stock and in this particular case you know you get another pandemic and travel stops that's sort of something you can't control or if we do get more meaningful economic slowing that could be a risk. That's really the risk. You know anything that would cause people not to want to get out there and travel but right now that is not in the way and hopefully it doesn't come in the way. Certainly the pandemic. Right, knock on wood seriously. And you are a holder of booking. Both my family and my firm. Gotcha. We eat our own cooking. Gotcha. Well it's good to know. Let's get to the stock you don't like. This one is quite interesting to me. It's Disney. This stock has also done well over the past year in part as the proxy battle has been going on but in terms of why you don't like it the first reason is quite interesting to me. I think Bob Chepic came back to the company but you say some of the decisions made by his predecessor Bob Chepic took the company down such a wrong path that they can't be reversed. What are some of those concerns? Yeah and I think Bob Iger he's just a fabulous manager and was there for so long but I even think for him it's too little too late. The previous manager dug a hole strategically and too much time spent and too much money spent that I'm not sure that Iger is really the right kind of turnaround guy here. Iger is great at building businesses and being creative. Now he's coming in basically trying to pick up the pieces and clean it up. I'm not really quite sure and I don't think shareholders might be either. Of course we have Nelson Peltz who came in and that made it even more difficult so management is the big problem there and I'm a real stickler for buying companies with excellent management with visibility. This is a bit of a mess when it comes to management. And one of the messes you contend is what has happened with streaming and the spending on content that the company has done. Is it not paying off for them do you think? It was a difficult very competitive goal to try to compete with Netflix. The monster not just in the U.S. but globally and that was really the whole strategic idea by having previous management. Let's make Disney this very competitive streamer against Netflix. It's just like sending the Cleveland Browns to play the Kansas City Chiefs football person. It just has not worked and the problem is it doesn't look like it's going to work and it's been very expensive and very time consuming. So that is sort of something I think Iger is going to have to wrestle with and the question is do they just cut their losses and move on or they try to turn it around. Yeah I mean he has sort of tried to trim down the spending but you don't think he's gone far enough. Again too little too late I think is the problem there. And then valuation just like we talked about with booking you think this stock is overvalued. Yeah it's growing at 5% a year compared to booking at 20 but it's trading at 25 times earnings. You know typically you want to have PEs equal to the growth rate so 25 times earnings and growing at 5% is far far away. So that's that valuation proposition doesn't make any sense to us. So what could go right for Disney and you've pinpointed two things that could potentially go right for Disney and turn this around. One of them is that the company changed the business strategy meaningfully and things get better. The other one becomes a takeover candidate which I mean one of these seems a lot like Lyra than the other one at least to me. It's a Bahamut to take over. I mean it would take a ton of money and somebody who wants to get involved in that mess but you know when we think about what would make it appealing take over hard to imagine who the acquirer would be. I think it's a change of strategy and a significant and dramatic one. I'm not sure current management Iger is really up for that. It's going to cause a lot of conflicts. But those are the two things I think that could cause. I think if the stock just fell apart like went down a lot it could be compelling but not at you know with these levels. And clearly you don't own it. No we don't own it. Okay just to make it sure. And you're not shorted. We're not shorted. Okay James good to see you again. Thank you so much. Let's summarize what you're telling folks here. By booking holdings it's a growth company that's reasonably priced. It has a well built business model with a good moat. On the other side you say avoid Disney. It's falling down the rabbit hole. From previous management and the stock's overvalued and it's facing drawbacks as it's spent all this on streaming competition.