 China is unveiling plans to revitalize its property sector, the country easing mortgage rules and pushing local governments to buy unsold homes to develop more affordable housing. Now this sending China's property index shares higher in the pre-market here. You can see though in the trade here actually I should say, but Shauna taking a step back just to go over kind of what this is. The rescue package is meant to prop up the property market in China which has really just been in shambles over the past couple of years here. This is the most urgent step that we've seen from authorities. They're going to have about 40 billion US dollars that will go to state owned entities to convert empty homes to social housing. Just to indicate kind of the context of how tough the situation has been for housing, we have data overnight from China showing that housing prices fell at their steepest levels in over a decade here. This makes up about a quarter of China's overall economy. So really big deal to see that struggle in the housing sector. Another thing I want to bring up is a note that we got from UBS's Paul Donovan this morning and he was basically talking about this idea that if the growth target for China is met through production output for example rather than domestic consumption, China could be vulnerable to trade reprisals and things like tariffs moving forward. If your economy is based on sending stuff out and then you get a lot of tariffs, that could be a big headwind for China which then is a headwind to a lot of the companies that we talk about all the time. Yeah, I think what ultimately the impact that this is going to have remains to be seen. There's a lot out there, a lot of strategists, a lot of forecasters saying that clearly they're not out of the woods just yet. I think that is largely the consensus at this point given the struggles that you had just been highlighting here. But the move, writing 42 billion dollars of funding to buy those unsold homes, it does mark a transition or a difference in the stance that we have seen Beijing take on the property sector here in China. So it certainly is significant. What exactly this does ultimately to prop up the economy down the road. We are starting to see that recovery gain a bit of traction in China. But again, the data continues to be mixed. We did see some pressure on the latest consumer data coming out and then you take a look at the industrial numbers actually. And they pointed to signs of strength there. And we're seeing that play out in some of the commodity trading, especially oil that movement to the upside here that we are seeing today. So again, remains to be seen. Certainly a story to watch here and more broadly speaking, the impact that this could potentially have on China's economy and that recovery and what exactly that means ultimately here for the global markets.