 Give us your reaction to these measures then. Is this going to be enough. Do you think in your opinion to put a floor under this property market. How substantial how significant do you think these measures will be. Well I think the first take is I think these are very helpful measures compared to the policy that we have been having in the past year or two. And I think it's also very important to a significant signal to the market that what the government is changing its channel or the priority of the policymaking still from just leaving the real estate to itself to I think it is trying to put in some of the floor to the property market. I think by lowering the interest rate or by allowing a greater portion of the housing prices to be paid through mortgage. This is really providing some incentive for the home buyers to consider the real estate market again. However I think for the moment I do now think that is sufficient to attract enough buyers to stabilize the market for two reasons. One is I think the housing market is still relatively sluggish especially given the high prices relative to the income or relative to people's expectation of where their income will be. I think it's still quite expensive. I think the more important thing is over the past three years or so housing prices have been coming down not going up. And as we know about the bubble theory people tend to buy assets only when they see a great potential of making money not losing money. So as long as that expectation is not changing I do not think the softening of the lending requirements or the reduction of the mortgage rate will have a significant impact on how I mean how people in households perceive the housing market in general. OK. That's really really interesting context professor. The other key proposal that came through it is still a proposal that seems to be getting a bit more detail on it is a proposal for local governments to buy up excess inventory unsolved properties unsolved units for local governments to buy those up. How significant could could that be. And to what extent is this shifting the debt load from the real estate companies to local governments and state owned banks. I think this is a little bit similar to the bailing out of the financial institutions going through the great financial crisis. So in a way I think in those real estate developers are already very in a very dire situation. So without the government stepping in it is very likely that almost all the private real estate developers will will go into distress I think by the end of the year. So I think in a way it is probably an option that has to be taken for some kind of government credit to support the real estate sector and real estate developer. That being said I think we're talking about trillions of dollars of trillions of R&B's worth of real estate on the market. So whether the local government will have enough resources to build all those vacant or apartments to be finished. I think that remains to be seen. There's another logistic challenge which is how do we make the distinction about whether you should buy up this project versus the other ones. There will be some rent seeking and there will be some moral hazard issues in the implementation of the policy. So in a way I think it is encouraging to see the local government is stepping in to stabilize the market. But I think in the end unless the central government is stepping in and extending its own credit to the real estate market it is a little difficult or a little too premature for us to believe that we're out of the woods. I think there's still a lot of empty and unfinished projects on the market for a moment. OK. Really interesting. We also of course had had some significant economic data crossing today from China and the consumer seems to be still challenged and we can probably tie that to the real estate sector as well. Professor there's an argument for some that China needs to shift from investment led growth to consumer led growth. Do you buy into that argument and our steps being taken to get to that point. Yes I have been a very strong advocate for the transition from the investment driven to the to the consumption driven gross model in the past decade or so. I think real estate has been a very hindering factor in the past decade because real estate has been crowding out of the household consumption because there's so much money has been to buying the apartment and the service in the mortgage. Unfortunately I think we're seeing the flip side of the story with the softening in the housing market even though people probably do have more disposable income at the moment. They're also losing the confidence the confidence that their houses will be more expensive in the future than now or their jobs will be paying more than they did in the past. So I think we're talking about the transition but this is not an easy transition. I think for that the government has to be more committed to providing both social welfare programs and some of the incentive or OK or a subsidy.