 Maureen giving you the first word here because of this issuance calendar just running red hot. How does that continue on as you see the year going forward. Yeah. I mean I think listen we've had an extremely robust demand environment since the start of the year which has really driven spreads down to what are two year tights and in some places cycle tights and investment grade. So naturally companies are taking advantage of strong market conditions and prefunding some of their upcoming maturities. You saw a lot of M&A supply in the first quarter as well. You had banks rushing to market to fund at ultra tight spreads. We do expect some moderation in the calendar going forward. Some of that is just seasonal. First half of the year tends to be about 60 percent of our total volume. Second half tends to average about 40 percent. But we are in an election year that can sometimes influence behavior. I think ultimately it will be the economics of the trade as we get closer to the election as to whether or not you see borrowers moving forward in that window. But I think there is some anxiety around volatility on the go forward. So while we aren't expecting to end the year up 33 percent which is where we are right now from an issuance perspective we are expecting a good 10 to 15 percent over and above last year's volume. So it still should be you know pretty active new issue calendar here going forward. Matt you do hear a lot of investors complaining about not being compensated necessarily at least when it comes to spreads even if you're getting the yield. When you see spreads investment grade high yield so tight. Do you think that they are right to be pouring in at this set of valuations. Well I think it depends on the asset class. But if you take high yield for example you know we generally are looking for default rates to increase about 50 basis points but to just about one and a half percent for the full year that's still several percentage points below the average. And so you could justify what optically looks like a tight spread around around about 300 basis points. I think you know every market as you get we would say mid to late cycle and you have to get a little more selective in credit selection. Every market's different. But overall the answer I would say is fundamentally you can justify the aggregate level of spreads I think to a large extent. I do think things are at the tighter end but we would agree with Maureen. I think you will stay here. The two biggest risks in the market. I think one was a late at the margin earlier this week which is another fed hiking cycle. The second one which you know we've seen the weakness in data surprises. The second one would be a mild recession. But we think those two are fairly remote possibilities outside of that. I think the market again fundamentally looks like it's holding up. And technically there is just a lot of strength and resilience at these higher yields.