 This is Horizon's Middle East and Africa, our top stories this morning. The higher-for-longer message from Fed officials hits market sentiment with Asian stocks falling. A mixed set of Chinese activity data failed to inspire confidence in a quick economic rebound in focus on hopes of further policy support. Plus, we get more from our exclusive interview with JPMorgan's Jamie Dimon. Red Bull Formula One driver Max Verstappen talks about attracting finance to the racetrack. It's just gone 8am across the Emirates, 5am here in the UK. I'm Lizzie Burden in London. We've got a busy Friday show for you coming up today. Happy Friday. Let's check in on those markets for you to kick off the programme. We have had seen the risk on rally post-USCPI kind of losing steam. The SESMP 500 yesterday closing down 2.10%. US futures pretty flat at this point and here in Europe pointing lower. If we flip over to the cross-asset picture, it will help perhaps to explain why. We had hawkish Fed speak from Williams and Mester and Bark in yesterday, all saying that they need more evidence to show inflation coming down before rates stop being so restrictive. That left-treasurer yields higher. Now they're pretty steady. The 10-year yield at 4.3% just lower, a basis point. The Bloomberg Dollar Spot Index is a touch stronger, 2.10% WTI crude on track for a third day of gains currently trading at $79 a barrel and Bitcoin back above that $65,000 mark after it holds to decline yesterday in the session. We've not got a lot of data left on the docket after the Chinese data. We'll get to that in a moment. But the main highlight today is of course Eurozone CPI which drops at 10am London time. But as promised, let's check in now on how Asia markets are faring. Averill Hong standing by for us in our Singapore studio. Averill, what's happening where you are? Yeah, Lizzie, as you alluded to, it's really about their data down from China today. We got the numbers on retail sales and industrial production and it's showing a mixed picture of the Chinese economic recovery. A big miss on the retail sales front. That's raising these concerns about supply, demand, imbalances, really sending a very sobering message of the Chinese recovery. And this is of course at the heart of the matter related to what we're seeing in the property sector. Despite this week, how we saw the stocks in that sector running up on expectations of policy support, you have these home price data today reminding us that that is still a concern. On top of that, the likes of Morgan Stanley downgrading their outlook for the sector saying that that plan to kind of mop up excess inventory, that might disappoint. We're also seeing the physical market that hasn't bottomed out. So this is what we're seeing in the macro side of things. Let's flip the board and take a look at what we're seeing in the stock markets as well because that sentiment really being sapped as that optimism comes off. Remember earlier in the week, it was really about how these Chinese tech names so far, most of them showing pretty solid earnings and then those expectations of policy support for the property sector. But today, it is a pretty negative picture. The Hang Sing that has been running higher for much of this week, erasing gains from earlier on in the session. The Chinese currency also weaker. We're keeping a really close watch on China bonds because we just got that special bond sale of ultra long government bonds the 30 years that is in order to raise funds for all government spending. The demand from that has looked pretty solid so far aligned with the expectations from pre-sale. But we're still seeing the 10 year in China coming under some slight pressure today. Lizzie. Okay, so a pretty risk off mood in China and more broadly across Asia. Avalon in Singapore, we thank you. It's been pretty risk off in the U.S. as I say, the rally ending after the U.S. CPI data and that's partly because of more hawkish Fed speak. Fed officials saying that the central bank should keep borrowing costs higher for longer as they await further evidence that inflation is easing. Let's take a listen to the Cleveland Fed President Loretta Mester who says she expects price growth to cool at a slower pace than last year under less downward pressure from improving supply chains. Incoming economic information indicates that it's going to take longer to gain that confidence. So holding our restrictive stance for longer is prudent at this point as we gain clarity about the path of inflation. And meanwhile, JP Morgan CEO Jamie Dimon says he's more worried about inflation than the markets appear to be. Speaking to us at the bank's global markets conference in Paris, Dimon said that significant price pressures remain in the U.S. economy. I think the surprise would be higher rates because inflation didn't go down, that inflation has been stubborn, maybe it bounces up next year. I think inflation next year may be in the cards, may have nothing to do with what you're seeing today. So that to me is the surprise. For analysis, let's bring in Maurice Gavier, Emirates, MBD, Wealth Management Group CIO. Lovely to have you back on Maurice. Happy Friday to you. We've had this week of economic data and to you out of China and the U.S. I wonder whether it changes your view on when the Fed's going to start cutting interest rates? Sorry, I didn't hear your apology. I wonder whether all the eco data that we've had out of the U.S. this week changes your view on when the Federal Reserve is going to start cutting interest rates? Thank you very much. Actually, it doesn't change our view at all because market expectations for the Fed are very volatile but actually the Fed is not that much and we still believe that there will be two red cuts from the Fed starting in September. The CPI report was really for market because this inflation is back but it wasn't an absolute surprise because it was basically in line with consensus. What is more interesting is to look at the CPI with retail sales that were flat and not rising anymore so you can hope for some normalization of inflation. Still, I agree with Jamie Diamond inflation will probably not reach the two percent mark and we think that the Fed will cut anyway before reaching this two percent mark. The economy is softening. This inflation will continue but not in a straight line and with volatility. And what about the ECB? June is well telegraphed for the start of rate cuts but what about beyond that? Should they be hurrying up even considering our point moves? Yeah, the ECB is in a different situation because we see signs of improvement and by the way that's why we are overall constructive. We see a more balanced activity picture globally with the US slowing and the rest improving still. In the Eurozone first, the core CPI is at 2.7, not 3.6 so it's much lower and then you have mountains of debt and probably the activity is more vulnerable and fragile. So they have telegraphed this move in June, they will do it and I think that they will continue because just also the level of public debt is a concern, a bigger concern in the Eurozone where they don't have the privilege of having the world's reserve currency. So we think they will cut in June and probably continue. Yes. And at the last ECB press, Christine Lagarde was asked a lot about the impact of diverging from the Fed on the Euro and then that currency weakness potentially feeding back into Euro area inflation. I wonder whether that's an irrelevant concern if you transpose it onto the Bank of England and weakness in the pound. The Bank of England is, I think it will probably be the most rational of the three. We have seen that they have opened the door a bit wider to red girls which makes sense. Again, it's not that just about inflation and all the central banks are more balanced now between inflation and growth for the Bank of England. It's also about the fact that the unemployment rate has risen to 4.3% now. So they will cut. I think they are the most rational. They will be the most data driven. And our view is that somewhere in the summer we will have a first cut but they will probably not telegraph a series of cut. They will be data driven. That's also the privilege of having your own currency compared to the Eurozone which is a collection of countries. I'm sat across the road from Thread Needle Street, Moise. Can hear them cheering that you've said they're the most rational of the major central banks. You mentioned volatility. Of course we have been in this data dependent zone the whole time but as we get towards the central bank pivot there's even more attention paid to every single data release. How much more volatility are you expecting? That's a very interesting point. One of the cornerstone of our view for the year is that central banks have much limited space for action and they should have less impact on market. I know it's not what it looks like but we believe that markets are driven by fundamentals and it's theoretically beautiful but factually you are super volatile from one data point to another and I'm not even mentioning the tail risks that we have from geopolitics and politics. So yes we expect huge volatility to continue. However if markets are driven by fundamentals and you can see the hierarchy of asset losses this year it's interesting. You see bonds being down but gold being up and you see China outperforming the other markets. These are fundamental moves and fundamentals are reasonably constructive so we are reasonably constructive but expect lots of volatility because it's not anymore about just central banks being binary, a binary positive or adverse. Well let's talk about those tail risks from geopolitics. We played a bit of that Jamie Dimon interview. He said that geopolitics could become the main stress. What's it going to take for markets to care more about the geopolitics. Yes absolutely. Sometimes geopolitics don't matter that much for market like it or not and sometimes they do and currently there are reasons to to matter especially as they are intertwined with with the US presidential election which is which is extraordinarily open with a rather seen margin between the two candidates and this debate happening so early at the end of June what happens if among the two unpopular candidates one really loses the debate. It's compromise is chance to be on the ball. So it's if you combine the two the fact that you have US election with two candidates having different views of the role of the US in the world and the hot geopolitics that we have now. Yes it's a good time to think about tail risk. You don't you don't manage your portfolio on a daily basis based on tail risk otherwise you don't do anything but it's good to keep a bit of a golden cash somewhere in the portfolio. All right. Maurice Kavye Emirates NBD wealth management group CIO. Lovely to see you on this Friday and we're going to continue our conversation about geopolitics. Next Chinese President Xi Jinping and Russia's Vladimir Putin have pledged to strengthen their ties the bromance in Beijing carrying on. They've also been warning about growing nuclear tensions between rival powers. So we'll bring you that and more next. This is Bloomberg. Welcome back to Horizons Middle East and Africa. I'm Lizzie Burden in London. Let's get back to the geopolitics now. Chinese President Xi Jinping and Russia's Vladimir Putin have pledged to intensify cooperation or against what they call containment by the US. Speaking after the leaders met in Beijing she also outlined his position on the war in Ukraine calling for a negotiated political solution. China and Russia agreed that a political solution to the Ukraine crisis is the right direction. China's stance on this is consistent and clear. For analysis our Asia government and economy correspondent Rebecca Chung Wilkins joined me now for more. Rebecca the bromance continuing it's significant that this is Putin's first trip of his fifth term abroad and that he goes to spend it with Xi. We know that Putin wants China to replace Europe in terms of energy trade tech and financial markets. But how realistic does this crusher plan look post this trip. Yeah I think the main sort of characteristic I suppose of Chinese support so far for Russia's war in Ukraine is that they have sort of tried very carefully to fall short of provoking the kind of very sweeping sanctions that we've seen taken against Russia by the US by various European powers and so on. And so while China is providing a lifeline economically speaking so for example they are the main source of trade and investment for Russia. They are buying up cheap Russian energy. They are also providing Russia with white goods things everything sort of like mobile phones washing machines even cars things that Russia is no longer able to access from other markets because of those sanctions. So we do see this critical role but in practical terms it's really unlikely that we see something much deeper or much more expansive. We did have this trade agreement for more deeper cooperation between China and Russia. We'll wait to see some of the details of that. But trade has already been somewhat stressed between the two. It appears because of some of those threats of US reprisals for you know allegations around China's support for various parts of Russia's industrial war machine. So for example trade between China and Russia actually fell in March fell for the first time in 2022. So in some ways we might see China and Russia trying to repair trying to reinstate some of those boundaries. But there are these other constraining factors around sanctions that do create limits for Beijing. Yeah that stronger united voice against the US really notable out of this trip. Where does it leave the China's support for Russia's war in Ukraine in practical terms. Yeah I think that's sort of a key issue. Putin on the on the one hand clearly wanting much deeper and persistent support. But China is also balancing a whole other diplomatic dilemma. And that is that while Russia on the one hand is its most important partner in building the sort of so called multipolar world that push back against what they call US containment that you refer to in practical terms. China does not want to be lumped in or bridge alongside Russia. It does not want to invoke the sort of financial isolationist isolationism that Russia has been hit with as a result of its invasion. So it is a very tricky dilemma where it globally on the one hand while Russia is clearly a critical important geopolitical and diplomatic partner. On the other hand Xi Jinping does need to put a little bit or just enough space between the two. There's also a distinction I suppose that's useful to make between Putin and Xi Jinping. The relationship the personal relationship they've met more than 40 times. As you mentioned at the outset it's sort of a somewhat of an informal tradition that has emerged between these two leaders to visit their respective counterparts country is the first overseas trip after beginning a new presidential term. They've celebrated birthdays together. But there is a distinction between those sort of very robust personal ties that the two leaders seem to exhibit versus the broader and somewhat sort of contradictory or somewhat strained national interests of these two countries. Particularly as China is on the one hand also trying to sort of smooth over relationships with Europe with the US to try and encourage them to stop kind of pressing forward with this move to diversify away from China's own economy. So a lot of domestic interest there that Beijing is trying to navigate as well. I hope to be a fly on the wall of those conversations. Our Asia government and economy correspondent Rebecca Chung Wilkins as near as we're going to get to that fly on the wall. We're going to continue talking and thinking about geopolitics. Next we'll bring you more of our exclusive interview with Jamie Diamond the J.P. Morgan CEO out of Paris. He wasn't just talking about race. He's also got concerns about geopolitics. That's next. This is Bloomberg. Welcome back to Horizons Middle East and Africa. I'm Lizzie Burden in London. Now the J.P. Morgan CEO Jamie Diamond says the U.S. has to stay engaged with China. Speaking to us at the Bank's Global Markets Conference in Paris Diamond said Washington and Beijing have common interests and are not natural enemies. So the geopolitical situation is very tense for the more the Ukraine and Russia Iran the terrorist activities in Israel North Korea nuclear blackmail. We've never had nuclear blackmail before. And this of course affecting our relationship with China. And you know it's going to be hard to have a great relationship with China as the Ukraine wars on or kind of the different sides of that and put it put Taiwan aside. Having said that I think it's the right thing for America to fully and deeply engage with China. You know competitively. You know every nation is going to do its own interest in national security. So should America. We should define that fairly improperly. It is unfair trade. You know negotiate that or do whatever you need to do. But the engagement is the right thing to do. China is not a natural enemy of the United States. They have a lot of their own problems. So you know to me we can work together as best we can. And then we have common interests climate anti nuclear perforation anti terrorism. What does it mean for a bank working in China actually given all of this volatility. Cautious. I mean you know China you look at China from a risk-a-war basis. It used to be very good. It's not so good anymore because all of these things can go wrong. Remember we bank. I mean I've got the number but fifteen hundred multinationals in China. They're not leaving China. So we're going to serve our clients there. We're just much more cognizant. The risk is higher. And I put Hong Kong in that bucket too. We look kind of like a China Hong Kong is one at this point from a risk standpoint. What does the Trump administration mean for the U.S. economy. I don't know. You know there. Why because it's unfreeifiable or because we're too soon to actually try and try and figure out the policies that you put in place. So if you look at history who was elected president may not necessarily affect the next year. That's kind of like we're a big tanker and that's going to happen. I think the much more important thing is what we do in the geopolitical situation. I've always been quite clear that American leadership is provided to keep the world free and safe for democracy. And that means economic alliances which includes trade by the way. I think we should spend more time in trade. It means NATO. It means that Russia should not win in Ukraine because if they do I think it can tear us under this Western world. I know you've ruled out being Treasury Secretary. Why. What would it take to get into politics. I don't think I'm suited for politics. I love my job. You know. And so I'm not sure I want to do something like that. And I can hope even if you got the call you would it be hard to say no. I don't know. Probably yes. I love my job and I have no reason to leave it doing anything else. So that was the J.P. Morgan CEO Jamie Diamond wrapping up a week of excellent interviews with the biggest names in banking this week. And not quite sharing the optimism of Bank of America's Brian Moynihan and David Solomon. Goldman Sachs perhaps. But now for a look at some of the other stories we're following this morning. China sold a record amount of Treasury and US agency bonds in the first quarter. Totalling an estimated fifty three point three billion dollars. Beijing's investments in the US are garnering renewed investor attention amid signs that tensions between the large list economies in the world may yet worsen. Earlier this week President Biden unveiled sweeping tariff hikes on a range of Chinese imports. Elsewhere the International Monetary Fund has criticized the aggressive tariff hikes on some Chinese goods including electric vehicles. The fund says the US economy would benefit more from open trade. The IMF has been stepping up its criticism of its biggest and most influential shareholder over surging debt levels trade restrictions and even the currency impact of tight fed policy. And the US has finished building a floating pier that will help bring more aid to the Gaza Strip. The Pentagon says hundreds of tons will begin to flow over the pier in the coming days with much more on its way by sea. The Biden administration announced back in March that it would build a dock to alleviate the humanitarian crisis. And the situation has only grown worse since then with the UN World Food Programme saying in a post on X that the threat of famine has never loomed larger. Those are just some of our top stories this morning. And coming up on the program we're going to take a deeper dive into commodities gold losing its shine as demand for silver increases. And we'll look at the drivers of the commodity rally next. But just a quick check on the markets. You've got Asian equities broadly in the red this morning. The topics and the Hang Seng booking that trend but futures on both sides of the Atlantic pointing to a lower opening this morning. The Nasdaq futures just in the green but really that post CPI risk on rally having petered out. More next. This is Bloomberg. This is Horizons Middle East and Africa are top stories this morning. The higher for longer message from Fed officials hits market sentiment with Asian stocks falling. A mixed set of Chinese activity data failed to inspire confidence in a quick economic rebound property stocks in focus on hopes of further policy support. Plus Red Bull Formula One driver Max Verstappen talks to us about attracting finance to the race track. He's just gone 8 30 AM across the Emirates 5 30 AM here in the UK. I'm Lizzie Burden in London. Good morning. Happy Friday. Let's check on these markets for you because it seems the risk on rally that we had post US CPI is petering out somewhat. You had the S&P 500 closing down two tenths of a percent yesterday. US futures now pretty flat and pointing even lower here in Europe. If we flip over to the cross asset picture perhaps it will help to explain why because we had that hawkish Fed speak from Williams Mester and Barkin yesterday. All of them saying we need more evidence to show inflation is coming down before rates can be cut. And that left Treasury yields higher now pretty steady the 10 year yield lower basis point at 4.37 percent. The Buma Dollar Spot index is a touch stronger and you're looking at WTI crude at seventy nine dollars a barrel there on track for a third day of gains. Just a quick check on Bitcoin. We're back above the sixty five thousand dollar mark. It halted a decline in yesterday's session and it's back on the up today. We've not got loads of data left on the docket today. We've had the China numbers already as delivered to us by Avalon Hong. But the main highlight on the docket is the Eurozone CPI. That's 10 a.m. London time. Let's get back to Avalon. She's on standby for us in Singapore with an update on equities. How are they faring Avalon. Yeah. Asia stocks are in negative territory today. Lizzie this is the unwinding of expectations of Fed rate cuts pressing pause from what we saw earlier in the week. And that's actually playing out not just in stocks but also on dollar yen. Remember against the backdrop of those lower US yields. We actually saw dollar yen tracing that one five three point six level thereabouts. But today we're seeing that weakness coming through. It's not just the Fed narrative though. It's also given the backdrop of the B.O.J. Keeping the bond purchase amount today unchanged. And this is across the curve despite a move on Monday to reduce the purchases in the five to ten year zone. So that seems to be causing traders to temper some of their expectations that the B.O.J. will reduce its bond purchases eventually. That's what we're seeing in currencies. Let's take a look at what we're seeing in the stock market because as I say it is risk off. And we're seeing the benchmarks in the region mostly lower. Hong saying I want to highlight what we're seeing here because we saw declines earlier after the China data dump. But despite the big miss in retail sales we're seeing those gains now. And I think it really speaks to how sentiment driven the Hong Kong markets have been off late. Australia's benchmark also well into negative territory. But backing the trend are the miners because don't forget we saw industrial production in China accelerating. That's supposed to be good for demand for products such as iron ore. Lizzie. All right. Aval Hong in Singapore we thank you for that update. And I want to dive deeper now into commodities because they're ending the week broadly higher. WTI as I say climbing in today's session on pace for a third day of gains and gold slightly higher after yesterday's drop earlier this week. A key gauge for raw materials prices rose to the highest level in more than a year. And so to pass why we've got our Bloomberg commodities reporter Martin Richie in Shanghai. Martin raw materials have been on an absolute tear this year. Just break down for us. What's going on here. What's driving this rally. Well to be honest if I was to break it down into one major thing it's just it's about metals. If you look at gold not far from a record high copper in New York a record high silver rallying more than 25 percent this year. All the other base metals doing relatively well. And if you compare that with other areas like energy like the agricultural's it's just much stronger. So what's really carrying that that broad commodities index up higher is is really the metals. And that's that's a function of a few things. You know there's there's anticipation that the Federal Reserve is going to cut interest rates which tends to make people think there's going to be better demand around the rest of the world. We've had reasonably healthy demand in China despite all the noise about weakness in China's economy. There are areas of growth. And then some and then things like copper you've got supply problems as well. So all of this is coming together to make metals very strong and that in turn is making them outperform. And you mentioned the impact of the Fed on gold but actually is it silver that we should be watching. Yes silver is the is has become one of the strongest commodities this year. Look gold and silver do tend to move rather in tandem. So if you have a if you have a big move upwards in the price of gold silver does tend to chase it. People do try to get into that precious metals space. Silver has some other things going for it though. It's use in industrial applications is is rising. And again as I mentioned with copper there are growing deficits that's growing supply short shortfalls around the world of silver. So that's also pushing up prices as well. And just broadly zooming out back to that Bloomberg commodity spot index. How much room do you think there is left for this rally to run because we're not quite at the pandemic. Pete you can't let yet are we. No not quite at those levels yet. And I think to reach those levels you would need to see the other areas besides metals. Really take take a bigger leap up. So that would be things like especially like oil and in the in the crop sector things like soybeans and corn etc. But it's really oil we're looking for. And that doesn't look like it's growing really rapidly anytime soon until you get a much bigger broad based economic recovery. I think. Yeah which brings us back kind of to the geopolitics as we were discussing with Maurice Clavier. Earlier just waiting for markets to take more notice of the geopolitical story. The most commodities reporter Martin Richie and Shanghai lovely to have you on the program. Now as we race back towards the weekend let's turn to the race track. The Formula One driver Max Verstappen telling Bloomberg's Jason Kelly that the sport needs to consider different ways it wants to grow and how to keep fans engaged. It depends how you want to attract fans like you can attract it of course in very different ways right. You know from the entertainment side or actually the performance side of things. And of course you know the sport has been growing a lot lately probably from you know more the entertainment side. But you know you also need to question like what you actually want because I think it's also very important to to keep you know the real die hard fans really engaged. But you know these kind of things at the end of the day like you know I'm the racing driver I'm very focused on my performance and you know that's already taking a lot of my time you know trying to just be on top of my game. You know being you know in touch with my team what we can try and improve and you know to tell us what that those kind of things are not really going through my mind a lot you know how how should I grow the sport. I mean that's not up to me. I'm not you know also the shareholder of the sport. You know I'm just here to try and win win the races. That's a fair point. And obviously the commercial success does as you rightly point out rely very much on success on the track. No one had no one would question your success on the track. It's worth pointing out that that obviously you know there's going to be a big change with Adrian Newey. Leaving what's your confidence level I should say about that side of the equation moving forward ensuring that you can stay competitive on the track. Yeah I mean it's of course you know it's been you know quite a you know a change I guess but also a shame that you know Adrian will be leaving because I think it will be always nice for him you know to be part of what we are doing. I mean he's been incredibly important for us especially from the start of of Red Bull Racing I would say. And yeah I mean at one point you know you have a lot of good people in the team really strong technical department that I trust in as well you know for the future. So naturally the confidence is very high and very excited for for the coming years as well. But yeah would it have been nice for Adrian to be around as well and see that for sure. But at the end of the day you know when people want to maybe seek new challenges or whatever you can't stop that. The man's here to win. What more do we need to know. Formula one driver Max Bush happened there. Now for a look at some of the other stories we're following this morning. Bloomberg has learned that top HSBC holder Ping An is weighing options to reduce its 8 percent stake. Sources tell us that options include further on market share sales or divesting to a sovereign wealth fund in the Middle East. We're told Ping An board members are currently visiting the Gulf but it's unclear where the formal talks have yet started. In other news Goldman Sachs has clinched a forty three billion dollar mandate to invest pension fund assets for parcel delivery company UPS. It's one of the largest deals of its kind and one forecast says the outsourcing of corporate pension fund management is set to grow more than 10 percent annually over the next five years. Elsewhere a US judge has ordered Jane Street to detail a secret Indian options strategy. The firm alleges two former traders took to their new jobs at Millennium Management. It's facing a deadline next week to provide specifics about the information it alleges was stolen. Millennium and the two ex traders say there were no secrets and accused Jane Street of bringing vague claims in bad faith. And investors are warning that TSMC stock surge may hit a regulatory roadblock. Funds governed by registrations on single stocks cannot add more TSMC equity and may even have to sell after this year's outsized gains. Bay and pay Paribas says European regulations which cap single stock exposures to 10 percent mean it's now looking at other names one or two generations behind TSMC's technology. Those are some of our top stories this morning but coming up next we'll bring you a deep dive on Djibouti. It's walking a tightrope the tiny East African country really trying to maintain its neutrality in the Red Sea shipping crisis. We'll have more on that next. This is Bloomberg. Welcome back to Horizons Middle East and Africa. I'm Lizzie Burden in London. Now the focus of the show really has been geopolitics and we'll take a different angle on that now. We'll go to Djibouti the tiny East African nation located at the point where the Red Sea meets the Gulf of Aden. Djibouti's governments warning Washington not to use its territory to confront Houthi militants who've been attacking commercial ships in the Red Sea. And it's really taken on an increasing significance given all of the cross currents recently. For more we can join Bloomberg's on Dero O'Ganga in Kigali. And just for anyone who's not familiar with this story explain for us the significance of the port of Djibouti recently and how it's led to the unrest in the middle in the Red Sea. Lizzie you cannot talk about Djibouti without mentioning its strategic location. This is a country that is located at the tip of the Arabian Peninsula 16 kilometers away from Yemen. And it's on the Gulf of Aden. And this is on a major shipping route. Ships are going back and forth from the Swiss canal. So it's very strategically located. It's also attracted several military bases from the US France Italy China and even Germany. And due to the unrest in the Red Sea it has been an economic boom for them. Right now there's something called transshipment where bigger vessels particularly from Asia are docking there and loading their vessels on smaller or rather loading their containers. And according to the chairman of the Port Authority their revenue is going to increase by a third from 450 million to 600 million dollars. And what they're saying is we're doing good business on the bad luck of others. And this sport is very significant to Djibouti because together with roads and other transport logistics they account for 80 percent of growth. This is a very infrastructure driven economy. Yeah. It feels like if countries don't have bases in Djibouti they want them. So how is Djibouti navigating that tight rope of neutrality with all this geopolitical tension going on. You put it really well. Lizzie it's a tight rope because neutrality is very difficult to meet geopolitical tension. But Djibouti took a very hard decision by saying no to the US when they requested to launch operations against who is from their bases in Djibouti. What the prime minister said is what we do not want to be brought into your wall. But in exchange they allow them to launch defense operations. So if the who is attacked first then this country has the right to defend themselves. And the US Department of Defense says that what they're doing in the region is just to bolster deterrence but also praise Djibouti saying that they are very able and willing partner in fighting extremism in the region. And this conflict is also a tight rope like you mentioned because despite the fact that there's a war in Gaza that has left nearly 35000 people dead Djibouti has quietly allowed naval vessels from the EU mission with orders to protect cargo on the Red Sea to dock refuel and get repaired from the damage that they might have sustained. So they don't want to be part of the war. But how have operations changed as the who to attacks. It's day and night because initially what they were dealing with is just people and drug smugglers. Remember despite being very strategically located their neighbors with Somali which is fighting Islamist insurgencies and Ethiopia that had a civil war for nearly two years. So these are the challenges that they had to contend with right now. Their rescue operations is with vessels that are in distress. Most recently there was a vessel carrying 21000 tons of fertilizer that was hit and it was sinking. And when the captain called for help we saw this Djibouti crew launch rescue operations and in 24 hours all the 24 crew members had been rescued. And also this defense operations being launched from Djibouti is helping ensure that there's still flow of goods along the Red Sea and reducing the time that could have been used to reroute to the Cape of Good Hope. OK. Bloomberg's on Dero Ganga. We thank you for that excellent reporting. And it is the big take this morning. If you're grabbing your morning coffee after the program I recommend a read it really does join together the dots on this fascinating subject. Coming up space satellites are transforming global communication and Bloomberg Originals has been exploring Elon Musk's Starlink and the consumer space race. We'll bring you more on that next. This is Bloomberg. Welcome back to Horizons Middle East and Africa. I'm Lizzie Burden in London. Let's turn now to space satellites. Elon Musk's Starlink transforming communications across the globe. And Bloomberg Originals has been looking at how its dominance is sparking government scrutiny and encouraging deep pocketed rivals. Our just single constellation of satellites orbiting our planet is run by a mercurial individual who needs no introduction. It's this guy. It achieves this by maintaining a vast relay network in low Earth orbit. That's the area higher than a jetliner but below a GPS satellite. Right now Starlink has more than five thousand six hundred satellites in orbit. And it accomplished all this in less time than it took James Cameron to make a second avatar movie. At one point SpaceX and Vision launching up to forty two thousand satellites. But this speed and relative success has raised eyebrows concerned ones in government and excited ones in the boardrooms of potential rivals. It's essentially a company trying to disrupt a somewhat complacent marketplace. And you can catch the full Bloomberg Originals episode on Bloomberg dot com and on YouTube. Speaking of reaching for the stars I've had Saudi on the brain this week because the UK Deputy Prime Minister Oliver Dowden and a delegation of four hundred and fifty have been in Riyadh trying to shore up investment ties both ways. And so let's zoom in on Saudi now because its biggest listing of the year is drawing really massive demand and we can get more from Farah Elbrawi now from Dubai. Farah you're our equities reporter. You've been tracking the details of these IPOs quite a flurry of them in recent weeks. What are the details on this latest one. And when's it going to go public. It's a flurry of the Lizzie. So just looking at the key hospital which is set to be the biggest listing in the kingdom so far. They got demand of ninety one billion dollars for their listing making them over subscribed by one hundred and nineteen times. So really just massive demand from investors in Saudi Arabia and internationally for this company and generally new companies and specifically new sectors or rather sectors that don't make up too much of the benchmark to double all share index. Faki and the family are set to raise about seven hundred sixty three million dollars from this listing. And we do know that the retail investor. Retail investors can subscribe to the offering from May twenty one. So we will get the listing date sometime close to that date. But we're still just watching out for this company that was at the top end of the range just highlighting how demand continues to be incredibly strong. Saudi Arabia with the CEO of the stock exchange over there telling Bloomberg to be just last week that they have more than 10 companies in the pipeline just in the near future alone. OK. And what are the listings that are you watching in the kingdom. Absolutely. So one of those is actually going to be a brassan which is an info information technology company. And that's what makes it quite interesting because that will be one of the first things that companies to trade or go public in Saudi Arabia. So they are currently in book building process and for institutional investors that ended yesterday the price ranges between 35 reels to 37 reels. And there are more listings on the horizon. One of them is not go. They report that Saudi Arabia sovereign wealth fund divided banks to pitch for this plan IPO of the kingdom's largest medical procurement firm. Ross Chad will be advising the P.I.A. on an up close potential listing and details on the size and the timings are not yet finalized. But people familiar with that I have told them that it could raise less than one billion dollars. OK. Really interesting. Something in that does it air with all this IPO action out of Saudi for Elberawi. Our equities reporter in Dubai. Thanks for staying across it all for us. Now as we get towards the end of the program I want to tell you a story. And it isn't a joke. Just imagine that you're on a red eye from Doha over to New York from Abu Dhabi over to New York. We're back in 2022. Now sipping their champagne eating their peanuts is a who's who of private credit. You've got Apollo's John Zito. Blue Owls. Doug Ostrower. Sixth Street's Josh Easterly and the hedge fund manager Jason Mudrick. What are they all doing in there. Well it was the M.B. preseason games at the Etihad arena. And what's interesting is that nearly two years on they're still making that pilgrimage in order to tap that Middle Eastern money. And it takes up a lot of air miles. So we've been exploring that on Bloomberg in private credit weekly. I encourage you to subscribe to it. But it's a really interesting dynamic that they've been reporting on not just the back and forth but also the matchmakers the local banks who are trying to get in on the trade. That's it from the program. Just checking in on these markets as we head towards the open. You've got European futures pointing lower. But US futures pretty flat that rally after CPI kind of petering out as it stands. That's it from horizons Middle Eastern Africa. I've been Lizzie Burden in London. Stay with us for Daybreak Europe with Tom McKenzie. Next. This is.