 Good morning from London. This is Bloomberg Markets. Today I'm Anna Edwards alongside Guy Johnson and Tom McKenzie with the cash trade just an hour away. Here's what you need to know. Asian stocks and European futures are lower after Chinese retail sales show their slowest rate of growth in a year while Beijing gives its ailing property sector a boost with new regulations. Rich Mont gets a new boss naming the head of Van Cleef and Arpels as its new CEO. Plus Jamie Diamond tells Bloomberg the chance of a US soft landing is much smaller than broadly expected saying markets are impacted by quote a lot of happy talk. We will hear more from the JP Morgan CEO. He doesn't like happy talk on a Friday. Let's check in on these markets then. You did have the Dow crossing 40,000 historic levels of course between before retracing little five thousand three hundred still remains the level for the S&P or thereabouts. But again a bit of a pause that came through a bit of a breather modest losses on the session yesterday. European futures pointing down by three tenths of percent. The China story will be an impact there. We also watched the earnings and the impact coming through from Richmore. The first one hundred looking to losses of a tenth of a percent for 37 on the US benchmark yields grinding a little higher yesterday in the session one oh eight on Euro dollars on the Hawks of the ECB coming out and warning around not rushing to cut rates. Isabel Schnabel saying July should not necessarily be in play even if June is markets today starts right now. I think the surprise would be higher rate because inflation didn't go down. That inflation has been stubborn maybe bounces up next year. I think inflation next year may be in the cards may have nothing to do with what you're seeing today. So I'm that to me is the surprise. Jamie Diamond CEO of JP Morgan speaking to France yesterday in Paris talking about the fact that maybe inflation is going to be sickier is going to be more problematic and is going to be longer lasting. And in some ways the market reacted to that yesterday. You saw this reversal this initial move higher in stocks taking out records and then this fade as the session progressed as maybe people recalculated exactly what is happening. And what the data are telling us. There are other factors in the market as well yesterday which kind of speak to that narrative as well. Look at Walmart. You basically got little inflation. So little kind of top line in terms of what what the inflationary picture is giving you. But people are trading down. And I think that's really interesting. Higher income people trading down into Walmart buying bigger kind of bulkier items. Kind of that. That's a narrative that speaks to maybe an economy that is slowing down. Look at deer as well. Agricultural prices have come down really sharply. Its numbers may be reflecting that as well. So really mixed signals coming out of the economy yesterday. I think Jamie's kind of really got an interesting point of view of what is happening here with the data he sees. But it's really hard to read. Yes. I mean lots of different Americans on display. In the in the companies that you cite there and really interesting. I'm Jamie Diamond. Yes. Talking in great detail about the things that might drive inflation or keep inflation at elevated levels. And it's a list of the things that we talk about daily. Isn't it. The green transition military spending infrastructure spending trade disputes physical spending all of these things he he cites as things that could put upward pressure on inflation. But he's got previous in terms of thinking about inflation as being more elevated than maybe many in the market do. In his recent annual letter to shareholders he talked about the business being prepared for interest rates that could be anything from two to eight percent or even higher. OK. So they have to put those contingencies in place. And as you say he has form on this. He's been flagging this black rock as well. Out front and early on the views that you're going to have structurally higher inflation. Think he's been wrong. Well there's it's the way you character of the different elements of inflation. You talk about soft to commodities in the US. You talk about the trade down. So maybe the near term and then the longer term. So the near term you are seeing that softness in things like commodities. So maybe he's wrong on that front. But if he's talking longer term those structural changes the shift to renewables were seeing all those tariffs beating put in place. You're seeing dislocations to supply chains. That's only becoming more of an issue not less of an issue. So structurally the case to be made that inflation will be higher than precedent or at least pre pandemic. The resuring. These things are not happening four years ago five years ago. To this year we were talking about lots of rate cuts. We were talking about the Fed being able to cut easily. This was a story that was going to develop throughout the year. Inflation has proved to be stickier. And that has been the narrative that has been building up throughout the year. Now there's other signals. Anna talks about the kind of many Americans on on display here. There are signals that that we are seeing signs of a slowdown. The recession talk was was something we were kind of focusing on a few days ago. Now we're back to kind of what is happening with the disinflation narrative. It's those two different factors that the market I think is really an economist finding really hard to judge right now. Yes. And I'm interested to take this to the European angle as well. We had Isabel Isabel Schnaubel then of the ECB warning that she doesn't think we'll get to back to back rate cut. So it seems as if the market has come around to the idea and the ECB has been pretty open about the suggestion of a June cut at least. But so the question then is well do we just get one. Is the divergence just limited to one rate cut in the summer from the ECB. Or does it go further than that. Well she's saying we don't get a July cut for example. So that doesn't mean there isn't another to follow. But it certainly suggests that her view and she's been on the more We know but her view is that you don't get these markets. So marketing that enthusiasm and ensuring maybe the markets they don't get ahead in themselves. June seems to be baked in as you say for the ECB. But the sequencing we've been discussing this with our guests. We in terms of the sequencing of these rate cuts. But the other factor of course is the Fed in terms of how Schnaubel is thinking about that. If the Fed is only going once this year how much of that is a factor in ruling out July as the second cut from the ECB. The markets still see three cuts from the ECB. The markets is we're ignoring the terrorists. Simon White was writing about this yesterday. The market is is now kind of ignoring the risk of a slowdown and a recession. And it's also ignoring the risk of inflation picking up and becoming more entrenched and stickier. Those two tail risks basically. It's not buying stagflation. No it's not. Yeah. And it's not buying either of those two scenarios in isolation. Jamie Diamond talks about happy talk like I thought that was only limited to Arsenal fans. But maybe not by the end of this week. We'll see. We'll see which West Ham shows up. Well but that's where the market is right now. It just wants to focus on the positives. Equity market you see in the bond markets. You see it kind of kind of writ large across many of these asset class. And we heard from Mester as well. Just to complete the sort of the conversation around rates. We heard from Mester talking about how they just need longer to gain that confidence that they're able to cut rates. And that's what it comes down to. How long is longer. You know. We've been we've been hearing these kind of messages from the Fed for a little while. And they don't want to put a time on it. Of course they have said they want to see more data coming through at least two more months. Most of them have been saying that. Bostick saying he still sees one potentially one cut this year. And the markets have adjusted just in the last 24 hours from two to one. To give us the read on China the data today basically the industrial stories picking up. Yeah. That presumably is good for the commodities narrative. So we'll talk about that a little bit later on. But the consumer that's where the struggle is. They're trying to get the housing market moving. The consumers clearly is still very sluggish. Can the Chinese economy pick up enough speed if the consumer isn't participating. And that's that's really key. The linkages of course between the real estate sector and the consumer. The consumers not going to get going until you address the real estate market. And if some projecting that doesn't happen to the middle of next year if these policy measures come into place then maybe you're looking at an underwater consumer in China for that period of time. And had you just around that as an investor in terms of industrial production factories exports pretty good industrial production. You say coming in above. Those are the levers that policymakers can pull relatively easy at a local level and at a national level. But getting the consumer to spend when most of their assets are invested in house prices that continue to fall is a real challenge. And so you have those economies coming out. You literally need to start giving cash to households in China to boost consumption. They're not quite there yet. They're giving vouchers subsidies. But there's a need some would say for more full throttle support for the consumers helicopters. Helicopters are ready. So we got confirmation though on the China real estate side of things confirmation of that story we had earlier on this week that local authorities are going to play more of a role confirming that they're going to help in in digesting the home stock. Yeah. We hear this word a lot. Yes. Yes. Digesting the inventory of home sales could cost up to a trillion US dollars if it comes through across the country. We'll get a bit more detail on that. They've cut the mortgage rates as well in terms of down payments to try to get people to go out and buy more but also absorbing that inventory. Now partly this is a shift of the debt load from the real estate sector to local governments and to government backed banks. And we were speaking to an academic out of China who's an informal adviser to the BBOC saying there is a moral hazard question here. And he also said look until until you know Chinese buyers of houses don't want to be catching a falling knife. They see prices falling on a monthly basis. They don't want to go out and buy houses that are still he says relative to wages still very expensive even you see the process. They don't want to go in and buy these houses yet still highly priced apartments as they continue to fall. When we spoke to the deputy government former deputy governor at the BBOC when I was in Berlin recently and he was suggesting that it is these policies around housing that are the ones that are going to be effective. But there are still people asking questions when you see such sluggish retail sales. Yes it links. It links to the housing story of course but they do ask questions about other stimulus. And I suppose that's a question for next week as well. Yes. And of course the people are asking for other stimulus. Maybe the same people who five years ago were saying China needs to rain in these bubbles and the rain in this stimulus and the spending. So it you know is a bit of a whipsaw there going on. But again the focus on moving away from investment led growth to consumer led growth seems to be something that at least Western economists and some of those sitting in China say is need needs to happen. The 13 F's are interesting this week. As much as the number of kind of well known investors are taking fairly decent positions in Chinese tech. They think valuations are finally reached the point where actually they represent good value when you're going to see an uptick. Is this a trade. Is this something that has momentum for longer. I don't know yet. But certainly there's been a number of different notes and filings this week that are suggested that actually some of these big guys are getting in. It's funny that they've been cheap for a long time. I mean that was so many investors have told us that it's cheap and then there's and then there's the geopolitics and there's all the other considerations that go alongside. It feels as if you know is it the valuation that's really changed. Or is it. Well as you say the valuation story has been there for like 12 months. That's just a trade. I that's what I can't figure out yet. Is this something that that is going to be more lasting. This is something that's going to get momentum and therefore is going to keep going for a while. Or is this simply just a you know what we're going to make 10 15 20 percent pretty easily. But whether or not it has legs beyond that. Who knows. It kind of it feels like we're at that stage yet. We don't know yet whether there's momentum behind this. Yeah. And the numbers coming out some of these companies a bit divergent. So Alibaba bit of a miss coming through from Alibaba with that touch point on the consumer but 10 cent performing performing quite well. So investments as well coming through from these companies like JD dot common pin door door as well. So to watch how that unfolds it can be really interesting. So I'll go from the China story to what's going on in luxury because that takes us to Asia and we don't get a breakdown from reach more of exactly their business in China. But we get a line which is Asia Pacific. And that is the line that disappoints. So growth of 10 percent still but that's below the 14 percent or so there was expected. Japan really exceeding expectations. America is better than expected. Europe a little sluggish but not not you know not far from the expectation. But it is this Asia Pacific weakness that stands out for this particular business even though overall the numbers seem to come in broadly. Japan was amazing wasn't it. 20 20 percent growth. Well well above was it double the estimates well above the estimates for Japan. Yeah. It's a constant FX. I'm scratching my head to work out what that means for a yen based consumer volatile. I think probably. So it's interesting. So Cartier continues to do reasonably well. It's one of the few brands that is raising prices at the moment. So it's interesting to see how that is is is kind of feeding through into what they could do because other other brands particularly in the watch base are struggling to raise prices right now. And you've seen watches come down quite sharply. Johann Rupert still pulls all the strings here. We do have a new boss though. Who is is going to be this boss. He's got. He's coming over from Van Cleef. So which kind of it's going to be interesting to see whether he can inject what he injects in terms of the business in terms of the direction of travel. Does he actually change things. Rupert's talks in the past about. Yeah. And Rupert's talks in the past about maybe things slowing down. And there has been some evidence that that has happened. Is this a step to maybe kind of reenergize the business. Is I be interesting to know what's strategic. Is this a change of strategic direction. I guess is what I'm really asking. We will have to send guy on further reconnaissance missions. This is where we're leading to isn't it. Yeah. I didn't go into Van Cleef. That's a bit above my price point. Cartier looked very imposing man on the door. They're not supposed to scare you away. But yeah. Now I very little researched them on that. We will leave that to others and we'll have other voices on the program later today who can bring us further thoughts on what's going on with the luxury space. Should we tell you what else is coming up today. We're back to watching the geopolitics. The Russian president Vladimir Putin is visiting China continues to visit China. He's in Harbin today in the northeast of China 10 AM UK time Euro area April CPI will be released. And we'll get a further reading on where we are on the European inflation story. Then we get 4 p.m. at London time. The Boeing AGM that for anyone interested in the aviation sector. Really really fascinating to watch. We're on sovereign rating update what Portugal South Africa Spain Cameroon in the mix and through it throughout the day we'll have a central bank policy makers speaking at events events. I'm just going to be honest. I'm just going to be honest. I'm just going to be honest. I'm just going to be honest. I'm just going to be honest. I'm just going to be honest. I'm just going to be honest. I'm just going to be honest. I'm just going to be honest. I'm just going to be honest. I'm just going to be honest. I'm just going to be honest. I'm just going to be honest. I'm just going to be honest. I'm just going to be honest. I'm just going to be honest. I'm just going to be honest. I'm just going to be honest. I'm just going to be honest. I'm just going to be honest. I'm just going to be honest. I'm just going to be honest. I'm just going to be honest. I'm just going to be honest. I'm just going to be honest. I'm just going to be honest. I'm just going to be honest. I'm just going to be honest. The Airport crisis股 is in a bunch of minor issues. So we will look into stuff all day. You will get into stuff all day. You will get into stuff all day. You will get it in football. You to get into the Monterey x I forensic and any final bit a couple of years for taking off that motion. But it's not the training has not happened. So we will go into a ritual attempt toUE hair I had an idea of where mean yeah yeah yeah we torn this week obviously you know top top I'm not coming to our rescue shock horror yeah anyway let's let's a big weekend for sport guys gonna set us up nicely we'll do that the golf's looking good I records are falling there were lots of birdies yesterday we'll continue with that conversation you got some boxing this weekend you got in the load this weekend anyway we'll do that a little bit later on in the meantime we'll get more into those reachman earnings what will the new CEO plan to do with the business oh yes and there is some sport that we need to talk about Max and Stefan was talking to Bloomberg yesterday we'll hear from him a little bit later on but Jamie Diamond says happy talk is skewing market forecast we're gonna dive deeper into how traders are actually positioned how happy are you feeling this Friday let us know IB plus BB TV go is the function on your Bloomberg terminal the Sun is coming up looks like a lovely day this is Bloomberg you it's quite easy no emotion it's question of business what we observe is that we have more and more us shareholders today we can only offer them a dr and we want to offer them shares that's all because we have more and more us shoulders and we have less European shoulders including fresh or not probably because of the transition of all the debate about ESG etc that's the reality and then you see quite a different of valuation between the US markets and the European market so it's a fiduciary duty for the board of the talent is to study so I said we'll study and then when we have studied we'll come back as the total energy CEO Patrick Pouyan a speaking at the Qatar Economic Forum earlier on this week let's talk about and this will become relevant in our conversation let's talk about US stocks global stocks appetite from investors for risk Colesmead joins a CEO and portfolio manager at Smead Capital Management on set here in London very nice to have you with us Colesmead for being here we'll get to the broader conversation but just as we started there with that sound bite from Patrick Pouyan a he's been talking about the possibility of the business listing over in the United States we spoke to the Euronext boss who said we'll try and not to make that necessary we'll try and give US investors access instead better access to to buying total shares in Paris what do you make of the US markets ability to value companies over Europe's ability to value companies right now this is the oil space but it could apply to other sectors yeah well we're the buyer of the oil businesses so if you'd like to talk to you some that master he can find out where we are on our website but I just say that because I think really two things are at play here one is the regulatory cocktail party conversation do you want to go to a cocktail party in Paris and say I'm a large carbon producer and everyone you know gets sad and walks out the room or leaves your party that night okay that's part of this the second part of it is people are saying if I move markets I'll get higher valuations I don't believe the second part of that the first part is right yes history is true but the but it's the idea you're gonna go to America and you're gonna therefore get a higher valuation I don't agree with that there were some transitions the last few years from Canada down the United States they ended up just being cheap oil and gas stocks in the United States instead of doing that in Canada so I think that dispersion idea like oh we're gonna kind of mean revert the multiples to one I don't agree with that would you buy total if it was listed in the states I would buy total if they woke up and said hey we want to own a lot more oil and gas assets we want to consolidate the space that's what it hasn't gone on among the majors in words the aggression they should be consolidating massively go look at the XLE it's already pretty consolidated but we're gonna get even more consolidated in that here here's the big idea go out and buy high return assets that you don't pay much on a book multiple basis use your stock that way you're not taking extra risk on a funding basis with higher debt costs okay so in terms of where you are looking for assets right now yeah where it where are you looking you've you've in the past looked at the it where you continue to look at the energy sector is that something that continues and is that solely based in the United States are you looking at other assets outside of the United States in those spaces you looking in banking outside of the United States where are you looking right now in terms of the mix the US versus Europe versus Asia we're hearing a lot of people coming on set right now talking about the idea that you want to be looking ex the US you're a big US investor you're here in London yeah why are you here in London yeah that's a good question but so I'll just give you an example in arena we like banking in general I don't care that we're talking here European banks or American banks you know our largest holding in our ex US portfolio is Unicredid do I like European banks yes I'm smiling ear to ear yeah what or cell is done there is a playbook for what other people should do so let's just take the orchelle playbook and let's use like a barclays for example we don't own them but just as an example they're out saying hey we're gonna buy back a lot of stock they're trading like 55 cents a book the question is can they get back to 10% return on equity and I'm not talking tangible I'm just straight up return on equity if they can and you can do that over a long period of time you get book value so if you can buy back a lot of shares below book you're eventually gonna get book value that's a nice way to make money I say that because I there's a myth out there that there's this American style of capitalism that only Americans can do it's crazy when I hear that it's like oh yeah buybacks were created for Americans by God no this is capitalism it's just that the Americans have been a lot more aggressive in that style of capitalism but again using orchelle as an example he's been doing those same things did the Americans say oh this this person over here is doing and I should go own that make a lot of money no they were losing money in banks that disappeared a year ago so I say that because it's interesting the the opportunities are moving some of the same phenomena are going on in the United States and out just like oil and gas banking those are big places for us you know so it's not uniform but you're just talking about luxury luxury is starting to begin to struggle okay there's the caring woes I would say caring shot themselves in the foot in some cases at the same time people are they're a lot more confident you're talking the Gucci correct correct yeah people are more confident Louis Vuitton will Canada goose reported yesterday Canada goose is business doing well good and I'm doing well in China so I think freshness is a question of luxury how fresh is your product if it's a product people had you know quite a bit of the last 10 years we're going to see a tiring of the consumer in those places it's it's also a need in this environment a greater need for that kind of bottom-up approach rather than buying a sector or buying an index you have to have that bottom-up approach I know this place you're smiling because that's what you do right but I didn't say this is it is it is it is it is this now active management works is this a question mark history history with challenge that view yeah but this particular moment in in time yeah so it's it's a it's a lovely question I'm right I just got done telling investors here on Wednesday yeah that the S&P is going to make zero over the next decade and if I'm wrong I think I might be high including Divins re-invested by the way so here's why I say that that is the setup for you know the S&P 500 which is a broad gauge of us stock risk but it's really a broad gauge of mega cap stock risk is what I would argue that's the problem for the United States that doesn't mean every stocks in your poorly that just means how most people participate in common stocks in us are going to do poorly people here in London over on the S&P 500 just like people in the United States on don't own any non us stocks towards our discussion just a second ago there are some more unique things here for example we've been buying to gala South African coal business here's the funny thing I go to this conference and I say here's a deal shame on all you buy side pms in the room who work for these big investment managers who are great marketers maybe not such good investors that won't own that for their customers but they own it in their PAs that's a conflict they think it's incredibly attractive for themselves and yet they won't buy for their customers I think that's ridiculous I don't think that's good capitalism but yet it what's going on here's regulation regulation around ESG or what the customer wants but someone's got to meet those those climate goals I they got to meet their climate goals but we also have to have humans flourish and have this economy in this world grow bone cold those are true to all that cold yeah well so I mean if I can buy a company where I can net out the cash and buy it for one time's free cash people like how long do you have to own that business I said well a year a year maybe two and if I get 20 I can get really wealthy by the go look at the history of Angelo and other companies selling coal assets they sell to a private buyer boom ten years later you open up the billionaires list who's there the buyer right and you know I want to be a really interesting conversation about where the regulation just pushes things off into private markets rather than correct them in public coal this has been excellent please stay with us Colesmead CEO and portfolio manager at Smead Capital Management we're going to find more time for coal in the next part of the program we will also find time to talk about China China's lot sided recovery factory growth moves up a year but consumption unexpectedly slows will take you through the numbers next we were hearing also from Tom at the top the program about what they're doing around the mortgage side of things and trying to look lower mortgage rates essentially to try and get rid of some of that stock in the housing market this is the way back. I think it's the right thing for America to fully and deeply engage with China you know competitively you know every nation's going to do its own interest national security so should America we should define that fairly improperly it is unfair trade you know negotiate that or do whatever you need to do but the engagement is the right thing to do. OK JP Morgan CEO Jamie Diamond of course speaking to Bloomberg's Ransom Lankwa at the Global Market Summit in Paris with a view that on China staying with the region China's consumer spending growth unexpectedly slowed in April but industrial production accelerated the data highlighting then the lopsided recovery of the world's second largest economy. Let's bring in Lucy a little from Beijing now for the details. Lucy what for you were the key takeaways from this data. Yeah that's right Tom I think you know what you call it the two speed recovery the unbalanced lopsided recovery. I think that's sort of the key to April data. So we did see great industrial output that's mostly on extra on exports consumer spending of course still very weak because of that sentiment being quite low still actually that level for consumer spending was the lowest since 2022. So it's quite a mark and although of course we have been seeing some measures for example the property ones that were just released around noon today so you know obviously the government is reacting and trying to trying to really support basically the biggest drag on the economy there. But you know in a whole it does bring up this question of sustainability because we've seen those tariffs from the US and of course going EU investigation you know the driver of that strong growth might not be so stable. OK let's do it. So let's dig into that a little bit. You reference what they've done in terms of the property sector today in terms of reducing some of the minimums around the mortgages that try to get the housing market moving. We've seen a series of announcements over the last few days. What are people telling you about kind of where the point is reached where actually we start to see some of these policies gaining traction. Tom was raising the point a little bit earlier on that many people are simply saying you're going to have to give people money. You got if you want to get the consumer moving you're going to have to hand out checks in the way that we saw the US doing during the pandemic. Yeah that's right. And that's the one thing that I think the government has signaled its reluctance to do. So I mean on the housing policies it is kind of the biggest ones we've seen sort of you know this year at least. We've seen that small trickle of incremental things and you know that's not helped things at all. In fact month on month April data you know housing prices were the lowest in a decade. So you know this couldn't come at you know it's really quite needed. But those three things that they're doing you know lowering the lowering the rates for you know the payment ratios the first time buyers and scrapping the floor for mortgage interest rates and of course encouraging local government to acquire homes and convert them into affordable housing have been rumored in the market. We reported some that it has had some impact. You know we've seen stocks move a bit. But these are pretty big moves. But of course analysts are saying you know it all depends on the implementation. You know how are you going to encourage those local officials to buy back that land and provide affordable housing. So you know the details on that we might get there is the press of this afternoon. And so certainly stay tuned. We will. This is thank you very much indeed. This is a new joining us on what the latest looks like out of China. Colts meet is still with us. 30 nefs. There's a theme running through 30 nefs. One of which is that a number of big U.S. investors have started buying Chinese tech stocks. Is that something you'd be interested in. Evaluation started to look cheap enough in China that you think international investors should be dipping their toes in here. Is this an opportunity you can't afford to miss or she'd be worried. Is it something that's kind of just a trade or is this an investment. Yeah. I don't think there's ever an opportunity you can't afford to miss. I think that's like it's like a millennial. There are many different types of opportunities. No I agree. So. So let's use all the Bob as an example they produce about 15 percent return on equity. OK. Now part of that is going to social agendas of the government as well. So they get to be thoughtful about those kind of things when you look at Chinese companies and then you have to have to ask yourself the question. Let's say there's a three to five percent chance I have a zero because of some political problem and I'm the outsider to that situation. That's the kind of math we run through as we look at businesses like that. Do I think 15 percent return equities at high. No. We'd want to find a much higher return on equity business. But I just say that because the pause about China is all the coolness of it from the 2010. You know China is the greatest thing since sliced bread conversation. That's gone. Now China is talking about how do we get our economy going. And they're going to look and say well how do the United States do it. Well the answer is just spend money like it's you know like you have unlimited amounts. That's the idea that they're toying with. And I say that because we're spending seven percent of our GDP right now is though we're going into a depression. It's amazing. And we have the tightest labor market in history. And don't worry though. This this won't be inflationary. The Fed's got this completely under control. Right. So diamond diamond yesterday touched on this idea of like two to eight percent is what they're preparing for. And eight percent. I mean it's a U.S. tenure right. Ten years what he's thinking about from a bright and he said possibly higher. I think he was saying that the business is prepared if rates in that range. The business could cope. But then he quickly but also said and more and more. Yeah. As if you know he's not forgotten about the possibility of higher rates. But you think we are going to see then higher rates for longer environment. We never go back to post GFC with that low rates environment. How how used to inflation. Cole do we need to get. We need to welcome it. We need to treat it as our friend and try to take advantage of inflation versus saying oh I don't think it's possible. I mean go back. Someone said something interesting. I didn't thought about this. They said PM's have got here in London have got you know they're pretty good at saying I'm sorry. And I said you're talking about low rates. In other words many people said you know who I will know. All right. We will never do that. And they came and said you know obviously on higher rates. I'm sorry we got that wrong both equity and bond type people. Well the reality is people now look and say to your point. Oh 6 percent tenure treasury. Not a chance. And Diamond is putting it in his plausible outcomes for the bank or higher. OK. And so I think that's the scariest thing. You're a VC person. You're a P.E. person. You're a stock person. You're a bond person. You're an asset owner in general. When the risk free rate goes that level you have a serious enemy of your capital base. And the question is who will deal with that the best. It will be poor for everyone. But you know in capitalism the interesting part is the secret to life's weak competition. If someone else loses 80 percent of their value and you lose 20 you're wealthier in society. And I think we're going to see some of these games where who loses the least or who doesn't lose money might be the actual winner looking out over the next decade in certain asset classes. We're of course working for inflation here in the U.K. You like oil you like banks. Are you buying U.K. assets. So we own we own some U.K. assets. We own that West as well here. We own IWG. I'm a big fan of Mark Dixon. That's that's been bumping up to you know new recent highs. What I like here is optimism is low. OK. What I don't like here is there's a historical stigma around buybacks. I don't get it. It's like they treat it like the gnomes of Zurich. If they raise their dividend the gnomes of Zurich are going to come out of their woodwork in their head. They're going to pour money to their hedge funds and buy the extra income that these stocks provide. And yet you look at all the income of the last decade and it didn't work in London for me fans of dividends instead. There's big fans of dividends. But I think what we're going to see is that the dividends do get taxed. So I get taxed like you guys get taxed on income versus I get a buyback and I get all the money. You know in the form of taking other shareholders out. So I think that after tax conversation needs to become a bigger one. But I just say it because again it hasn't been historically popular to buyback stock here. That is changing just like it did in continental Europe. And I think we're going to continue to see that flow through. People need to be dynamic here and say you know what is best for capital is how we should treat investors. Who cares what the old standards are. The last decade of poor stock returns here. Is that a good standard to go by. And people always say like well that's what everybody's done. Is that a good measure though. OK. Kalsme thank you very much indeed. Always colorful. We can't get a shot of your cowboy boots. I don't think we did have one at the start because we'd see you on Portfolio Manager at Smead's capital management always entertaining and insightful on these markets. Coming up we're going to take a look at your stocks to watch including a rich more change at the top of the Swiss or luxury house. The details are next. This is Bloomberg. What we call turbulence. We've got we've had good healthy markets for quite a while. You know they kind of predicting a soft landing and you see that in both stock price which are kind of high credit spreads which are kind of low. Mark was kind of wide open. That's all good. Doesn't tell what the future is going to be. And I can point a lot of times in history where that was true and the next year wasn't true. And so you know we'll see. I don't pay as much attention to monthly numbers as most people do. I know. So what do you think the future is for inflation. I'm a little more worried about it. I mean you know we've had very big fiscal deficits and you know I think the underlying inflation may not go away the way people expected to. And I look at the future like a lot of things we've looked at a kind of inflationary green economy. The remilitarization of the world infrastructure requirements the restructure of trade fiscal deficits. So I think there are a lot of inflationary forces in front of us that you know may keep a little bit higher than people expect. So the surprise would be rates are higher inflation a little bit higher and maybe that'll slow growth and obviously geopolitical politics a whole different issue that that can that could be determinative in what our economy does next year. And we just we're just not going to know. But does that mean you think it's 50 50 whether the Fed cuts or hikes. Yeah I don't pay that much. The Fed will have to follow the data. And I don't know the data is going to say but they I think you know they are doing the right to be patient right now. See what's going to happen. They may not know for a couple of months. But no big correction. If you don't pay you know that much attention to it means you're not worried about it. I'm worried. I just thought it's a very high. I think the chance of inflation staying higher rates going up or higher than other people think. So I think the chance of my view is whatever the world is pricing for a soft landing. I guess I have that. I think the chance of something going wrong is higher than people think in the US globally quite say in the US. But also that could affect globally. And so that what does that mean for markets. Maybe down. And credit spread we got gap out. So why is the market not pricing that in. Not a happy talk. Jamie Morgan CEO Jamie's I'm speaking to Blinbanks Francine Lacroix at the banks global markets conference in Paris joining us with history on the markets are markets like executive editor Mark Cudmore Mark is there too much happy talk propping up markets these days. I don't think there's too much happy talk. There is happy talk. Look markets are a bullion. Markets are effusive. But the fact is we have generally still good global growth. Yes there are a few cracks showing but overall still pretty strong. Companies are making very good profits. Financial conditions are still extremely use loose. And we've got central banks that are saying hey we're dying to make it even easier as soon as there's a hint of a problem. So markets are extremely happy for good reasons. And therefore I don't think there's too much happy talk. There's a lot of happy talk. And at some point it will be seen misplaced but not yet. OK. There's a lot of happy talk for Chinese property right now. I just see that Chinese property stocks extending their gains to more than 8 percent higher on some of the policy changes we've seen coming out of China. Mark we've seen lots of 13 F filings that have flagged increased exposure to Chinese tech. Here's the property sector getting excited about regulating change. Is the market finally catching up with your view on Chinese stocks. Yeah. I mean you phrase that very positively there as if I've nailed this. No I was way too early. So I think those people who are late to this story have proved smarter. It's always the way you don't be early on a trade. You want to be just after it turns. And look but I think that the case that the fact is is that the Chinese stock story has turned around and we've seen that for a few months now. And that's been quite clear. And while I was too early I'd say several others on my team were quite smart about being bearish until maybe a few months ago and then got bullish. These are stocks that are still extremely cheap. They're under owned around the world and now they're getting multi pronged policy support monetary policy fiscal policy and there's getting structural form. So this is a theme that can run and run and run for many many months to come. Now an important disclaimer is that over the last few months the gains have been extraordinary. It's just this morning looking whenever you see HFC I HSI returns of this strong for so long you get some kind of short term pullback but it'll be a short term pullback in a sustainable uptrend. Mark it's live executive editor Mark Kudmore sticking around I think it in terms of kind of market. Are you suggesting that you're taking a different tack to Jamie Diamond. I just want to be clear on this. Jamie thinks there's a lot of happy talk out there and he's kind of a little concerned about what is happening. He thinks markets are high. He thinks there's a possibility that they you would take a different view to Jamie Diamond. Yeah. You're both you know if you wear ties that's maybe the any commonality. I'm very happy taking a different view to Jamie Diamond in the context that look I'm not a person running one of the world's most important banks you know and kind of key to the financial system. Jamie Diamond does his role exceptionally well but his job is not making market strategy calls and Jamie Diamond's timing around recessions around yields around many other things have repeatedly not been a very good guide. This is not to undermine him. It's not his core job. He provides a very important input. He's also thinking at very different time frames. So you know when he'll say things are getting a little bit more nervous if we get a recession 18 months from now he'll say look I said I was warning it was coming. Unfortunately 18 months away is too long a horizon for many of the people who have to make decisions. I'm not talking about short term traders or day traders. I'm talking about pension allocators or real money allocators that have to make decisions on a weekly monthly basis that have marked to market issues that have investors they have to explain to. And for those kind of people Jamie Diamond's calls are not very useful for markets. They are insightful in terms of the CEO of the world's most powerful bank the most important bank getting his inputs is perspective is one part of the picture. But I wouldn't listen to him in terms of market timing. I thought you could end there. I wouldn't listen to him. Full stop. We're all just debating whether we need to set up a match up between you and Jamie. Mark. Thank you very much indeed. Mark it's live executive editor Mark Cudmore on those Jamie Diamond comments. We appreciate it. Remember of course you get up to date analysis mark and the rest of the team. Just go to ML IV go on your terminal. Now to a banking story that our team has been working on Bloomberg understands that Ping An is wearing options to reduce its 8 percent stake in HSBC. The Chinese insurance giant is the bank's biggest shareholder and has been the bank's biggest bear bug or bug bear. Yeah. They've been annoying. Haven't they. Tom Metcalf from my finance team joins us with the verbiage on this. What is the next likely step then from Ping An. Is this good news for HSBC. Yeah. It's really interesting. So kind of they say have a safe sense stake and they've got a few options. You know they're definitely keen to reduce their state we understand what that means. It could be a whole variety things right. It could be fairly incremental drop down or maybe gets you know quite sizable. You know I think in terms of next steps probably the most likely thing is that they'll be concentrating on trying to sell it into the market. Just as various sort of practical challenges trying to find one big investor. But I would say if you know if they could click their fingers and make one thing happen it would be some you know very wealthy investor comes in and not necessarily the whole state but takes off a chunk of it because I think from their perspective they want to take a little bit of profit from the recent HBC share price rise. And also you know as you say they've been a bit of a bug bear with HBC and I think this is a clear sign that they feel at least their campaign they've got as much as they could from that. And now they're sort of probably not going to see much more structural change. So should investors treats this state. It's a sizable one as we've already indicated as an overhang. Well certainly city analysts are thinking that. I mean I think the pink and I don't think are in any way a forced seller or anything like that. So I think they're going to sell at some point. So you should maybe treat it like that. And it really depends on who they sell it to. One big kind of offload would be great. But but they tell it to the market or have to sell it to sell in sizable chunks. That's an overhang. Yeah. You think I'll put some downward pressure on the shares. But yeah obviously you know the alternative like the dream scenario for all sides is some very wealthy investor comes in who's perhaps a bit less kind of more on board shall we say with HBC strategy. And that removes you know some problems on the HBC side and also you know probably everyone is happy in that situation. OK. Tom thanks very much. Thank you for the update by Tom Macarff with the latest on HBC and the banking sector. Let's turn to other stocks that could be in focus this morning. Joe Easton from our equities team has a run down Joe. Morning Anas. We've got some really strong numbers out of reach month today in the luxury sector driven by the Asia growth at the Swiss firm. These are some of the brands that they are known for in jewelry. They've got Cartier Van Cleef and Arpils in watches Panerai and J. Gillard called Tray. I'm trying to see how many of them I can mispronounce in one go. Yook's Neta Portrait as well the retail business. But the most important news today is they've got a new CEO the leader of Van Cleef and Arpils. He is moving over Nicholas Boss. He is going to be the new CEO of the group. The current CEO becomes the CEO. Now the company says in a statement that this is part of their shift to a more retail and jewelry driven approach. So they've taken one of the jewelry leaders and moved them over to the group CEO. We can see the stock pretty much performed in line with LVMH one of the other big firms but underperforming the real gain at Hermes the Birkin bag maker. That's been the big winner. But the analyst rating screen very exciting not a single cell 20 by ratings clearly everyone very positive. We'll see how they take that shift to the more jewelry focused region in the open this morning. Then we're also going to look at a couple of brands I'm more familiar with H&M and Zara RBC analysts are switching their preference today. They are upgrading H&M and downgrading in the text that owner of the Zara retail train. They say this is partly due to the cost of living crisis which is still driving fable sales towards H&M and away from Zara which is priced a bit higher in the pricing on the high street. The other big factor is that H&M is more exposed to raw materials that they think will continue to climb particularly in cotton which they say is one of their bigger areas of costs and in the text does trade at a pretty big premium to the retail sector and just a small discount to luxury. They think that is now overvalued. We'll bring up that stock on the screen here. We can see that in the tech share price actually out forming a pretty good game over the past five years up 83 percent. Hence why RBC is turning more bearish on that one. We're going to bring up the analysts ratings on H&M. They look at that 10 cells on this one. So not everyone positive on H&M. Not everyone seeing those costs of living benefits for that one. Then we're going to look at Haley and this is in the pharmaceutical spaces. This is the business spun out of GSK the consumer health business. Some of their brands are including Advil and also Panadol as well. GSK is selling its entire 1.2 billion pounds. This is representing 4 percent of their holding. When they span the business off they have 13 percent of the business. They're now exiting that entirely. There's a couple of brands down there. Sensodyne toothpaste as well. It is priced at a discount. We would expect to see it come down. But you can see it trading up about 8 percent since the spin off previously and worth noting more money raised on the London Stock Exchange this year than any other exchange in Europe. It's not in IPO. So it's all in secondary offerings like this. Keep an eye on Haley and on the London Exchange today. OK. Joe thanks very much our equities reporter Joe Easton joining us with a look at the stocks that could be on the move in terms of the European futures picture. We are expecting a little bit of downside a little bit of upside in the US either side the flat line there were day after we saw the Dow go to new records. Nobody cares says John Orsas because of the way it's calculated. Care about the Dow. I don't care about round numbers. No. Round numbers I think are more interesting. But the Dow it's an average. He takes issue with all of it. There's a there's a way that it's calculated issue. That's a secure long beam recognized as an average. I hire the share price. It doesn't make sense. It's not based on market caps. Is it. Just based on the share price. Right. We won't mention that again. I won't say it. We will talk about what's happening at the start of European trade. That's coming up next. European market open for Friday is next. This is big back. Friday the 17th couple of minutes ago until the start of equity trading here in Europe we are called fairly flat stocks. It's up by around half a percent so far this week. The real gains have actually come out of Denmark. Denmark's had a good week. Switzerland the stock market there has had a fairly good week as well. The pounds had a good week this week as well. It's up by around one percent versus the US dollar. It's interesting. We are seeing a little bit of reaction in Buns this morning as well. Maybe in reaction to those schnavel comments. But but not a big one. And weirdly actually you've got a little bit of movement but but not much. She's talking maybe about the fact you do get a cut in June and then you don't get another one in July. But but the stock story this morning I think it's been a fairly positive week. We're kind of running out of momentum a little bit on the earnings story. The earnings story out of the states yesterday was fairly mixed. But but as you come into this weekend what do you do with these markets. You've had a decent run. You start to take profits. That's I think a lot of a lot of what managers are going to be thinking about. Yeah we're going to be looking ahead to earning key earnings next week with Nvidia. So that'll give us another another leg to the story if there is one. So we'll see how that one plays out. I've been really quite taken by the number of comments we've had about fiscal spending and political economy has reared its head on this program in the last in the last few days which is you know really speaks to the way that developed market economies have changed and shifted and the geopolitics is not what it was. And therefore economic policies of these governments is not what it was. And talking about political economies there's one that stands out today as well which is China and the support that's come through pretty significant support whether it gains traction whether it really lifts. We saw the property stocks lift on the back of iron ore is higher on the back of those measures. So we're watching the mining stocks in the UK as well. We are 10 seconds away from the open this Friday with European futures pointing to a sluggish start as we look for those catalysts. Maybe it is in video next week currently pointing there by three tenths. Let's see how things open with the earnings story still in focus. Rich Mont as well. And we watch as well that's going to be interesting on the Ping An news. What's stunning that's you guy at this point. Not a lot. So let's just switch things up. Talk a little bit about points. Colesme it's having a good morning. Unicredit looks like it's a little bit higher first thing. Yeah. Mentioning that as one of his key head shareholdings. Unilever AstraZeneca Unilever BP Rio Tinto BMP Parabar where the gains are coming through. You would have thought that actually that would be reasonably positive for the London market. You've got this Haley and story as well coming out of GSK which is something we need to bear in mind. Tech looks like it's a little bit soft. Asml is certainly training a little bit now. Novo. I talked about the Danish market having a good week this week. Novo is a little soft as well. So that's going to add some points on to the downside. But I'm trying to see there's a read across into luxury. So LVMH is a little softer this morning. HsBC is also a little softer as well on that Ping An story. Just looking at the sector breakdown there. Not that many sectors in positive territory. So is this sort of down draft to the to the picture this morning. We do have BT group a little higher this morning. But so telecoms is higher. We used higher yesterday. Much of the 17 percent of the much of the it made the CEO very happy. Yeah. She's front page of the FT. She's very new in the job and a friend of the program. So we look forward to speaking to her when when she's when she has time for that technology the worst performing sector on the stock 600 this morning. We are down on tech stocks asml and the like. Maybe that's a yield story yields were up a little bit in the session yesterday. The higher for longer narrative from those FOMC officials H&M performing very well today. One of the league gain is adding what two and a half percent. This is flagged of course by Joe Easton on some of the details around that story. So we keep an eye on that HsBC as you mentioned guy coming just down to 10 percent. So Ping An without a sense. They not a huge move and it's how they unwind that holding of course this can be watched closely. Haley and coming down 1.3 percent. There's a little bit of a cat. So the US market continued to fade as after the European markets are closed yesterday. So there's a little bit of catch up maybe coming through into these markets as well this morning from that position. So I think you just got to bear that in mind too. You've got to yield to taking a little bit higher too. So that's a fact that maybe we need to bear in mind. Maybe the Schnabel comments are having maybe more of an impact there as well. Rich might is open. I understand. And it's on that graphic you can see on the screen is the top of the stocks 50 top performers. So it's moving higher up by just over 4 percent this morning. So beating estimates. It's certainly in some regions and overall. And then a new CEO also a highlight from the earnings report. So is this a sense of this is a strategy change. Because it's the fact that the former CEO is going to become the chief operating officer managing the business on a day to day basis rather than setting strategy would seem to imply that the boss has been brought in to maybe fight sort of kind of finesse the strategy in terms of what they're doing with the business. The sense seems to be this morning that maybe he will focus more on the hard jewelry side and push that side of the business a little bit more. So maybe this is a sense that there is a need for a strategy rethink here. And you are going to see maybe some upside on the back of that. Well investors are really enjoying it right now up 5.5 percent whether that's the executive changes and the strategy expectations or the fact that they met those estimates and perform particularly well in jurisdictions like Japan. The US was also pretty good as well. China a bit more of a drag. But let's get more analysis on the rich man story given that stock is up now 5.3 percent and bring in Bloomberg's consumer goods reporter Dasha Avaneseva who's been across the story for us all morning. Dasha a shake up at the top. That's what stood out to you the last time I spoke to you. Give us your take right now and what what that could mean in terms of the executive change the CEO for the strategy for this business going forward. Morning. Again as they explained to me that this change is about really focusing in on the biggest jewelry division that's growing a lot faster than luxury watches. That's because the new chief executive is Nikolaos. He is. He was the chief executive of Bankleaf and Arpels which is the you know the jewelry brand that has those famous bracelets of the little crosses that everyone has copies of. And but what's interesting on why I don't think it could be a complete departure. It's more like a sort of doubling down on on on strategy is that the currency. Jerome Lambert is actually staying secure around. He's going to be chief operating officer reporting to Nikolaos. So I think it's just it's the message that you know what we're going to focus on jewelry. And that's that's our unique value proposition because if you think about the the other luxury goods companies they are not as exposed to luxury jewelry. Obviously LVMH has Tiffany and you know and that that was a long long running saga but it's not the specialism of luxury jewelry. OK. So we'll see where the CEO change takes us then Zasha. What about the China story. I was looking at the regional breakdown that they give us in the sales report here and you get a number for Asia Pacific. I'm not sure if we get a breakdown specifically for China but it is China that has been a source of concern for many investors when you look broadly at the luxury space. Absolutely. And I think that's been the concern here. They've missed in Asia Pacific quite a margin and it sort of echoes what other other luxury goods makers have experienced that there was this big burst of activity after the pandemic. Chinese luxury consumers snapping up lots of lots of designer clobber and jewelry and watches. And now that's dying down. And one wonders you know how do you how do you stabilize. Obviously in a year's time you again will get rid of that annual effect. So there'll be some kind of stabilization. But I think there are question marks about what that will look like. Although you know it is interesting also that there's sort of a splitting off you know the ultra premium the watches above three thousand dollars are actually doing doing well. So it's not that that's sort of the ultra rich. You don't have money to spend. It's just the question of what will be the longer term trajectory. OK. But is there a sense that the the epic run that we've seen in the watch business is now over. Is this confirmation of that. You're seeing it elsewhere. Johan Rupert's talked about this in the past. The fact that we are running have run out of steam on that trade. Is this just further confirmation that that that narrative that came out of what happened with crypto came out of the pandemic has now run its course. I think for the time being that's fair and that's definitely seems to be what the way the company is also pivoting and putting less of an emphasis on watches. But it's not like it's not still you know. And you also saw in the UK retailer the Swiss watch retailer having having a bit of a tariff time. You know that the one that sells great like this. So I think that's definitely a sense of that. But you know it's just because it was so five before it was such a strong run. It doesn't mean it could still have sort of moderate growth. But that is that is sort of what separates Richmore from the other the other big luxury players. Yeah. That's a great stuff. Thank you very much indeed. That's a aphrodisiac joining us on what is happening with the the rich more sorry in the wider impact out into what is happening in the luxury trade. What is the Switzerland actually popping higher on the sixteenth traded through quite nicely this morning as well. It's up really 22 percent this week. I just want to double check my numbers on that. But that's what it looks like. So some strong performance may be coming through from the watch sector despite what we're hearing maybe out of Richmore this morning. Is there a read across into LVMH. Let's find out. Let's take a look at the course six and figure out what is happening broadly across Europe encompassing everything. So you've seen Nova come back. As ML was seeing some weakness there's a luxury is certainly on the back foot this morning. LVMH not much three to cross. So LVMH fairly quiet. You could argue given what was hearing from Richmore this morning. Let's figure out what other stocks we need to be watching. Joe Easton here with the details. At the watchers guy as you mentioned most of the strength in that report did seem to be enduring the excitement around the CEO. But you also mentioned the watch of Switzerland. There we have the earnings from them out this week. That's up 20 percent for the week. As you mentioned but the fifth best performer across the entire market is Swatch suggesting that people do like the watchers numbers out of Richmont. Today is not all about jewelry. So we are seeing the watch stocks gaining Richmont itself up six percent. That is the biggest gain since January for that one. So a big gain for the stock but we're seeing a feed through into the timepiece stocks. They suggesting that is also a strong part of the market. Quite interesting dynamic with the CEO coming in focusing on jewelry. Then we look at earnings couple out of the UK. So we go from fancy watches to diamonds. We got Petra diamonds. This one actually declining not as much diamonds dug out of the ground and profits actually declining at that company today. Then land securities in the UK writing down the value of the UK real estate by around 600 million pounds according to their statement. It's a big loss for them. Then over in France we got energy and also score both of those declining. Now energy. This is in the utility space. A warmer winter was not good news for them according to the statement. That might be good for some of our household bills but not good for the company. Now score this is a Lloyds London insurer. A really strong part of the market but they have seen a decline in net interest income. So that won't get hit hard on the Paris exchange. That's the worst performer on the stock 600 or one of them a few moments ago. So that one down over in Paris. And we're going to bring you a Aker BP. This is a very single stock story. They've got a lawsuit from an investor claiming that they've lost money on a refinancing deal. The company over in Norway is denying it. They're going to dispute it in the courts but that is weighing on the stock and we're down 1% on that one today. Then in terms of deals plenty going on once again in this space you mentioned a couple in the build up there's Haley and they're down 1% Glaxo Smith client also slipping slightly exiting its entire stake in the maker of Sensor Dye and Advil. So those two both declining today. HSBC you mentioned Ping An potentially looking to offload shares as reported by the Bloomberg deals team that one pretty much unchanged. The rent group brought up this is interesting. It's car parts but the interesting thing with this one it only IPO'd a few months ago and an investor already looking to sell shares on that one and it is coming down. It's down 2% surprising to see a stake sell in that one so early for that firm. Then we will look at a couple of morning calls. We mentioned H&M in the stocks to watch. Now this one doing well up 2.7% RBC recommends buying that one instead of Inditex Zara make its outperform a 200 Swedish Kroner price target. So 180s are potentially some more upside to that one. Finally a quick look at chemicals because Lances over in Germany this one is getting hit on a downgrade by XA and BMP. They think that this is a bad six call trade at the moment and the producers just told me in my ear that Jeff freezes also downgrade it. So it's a double downgrade for Lances. It's one of the worst performers in Germany today. It's down 4% now actually. So Lances getting hit on the DAX index today. Joe. Thank you very much. Joe Easton from our record use team with all you need to know about the stocks on the move this morning and it is very clear that luxury sort of steals the limelight doesn't it with the luxury sector consumer products and services broadly. But within that the luxury sector doing really well. Reach more up by just shy of 7. Well 6.8% swatch Burberry Montclair LVMH all going higher not by as much at all but certainly being lifted. It's interesting that the the the the the boss who's stepping back a little bit and made a shareholder say some really interesting things about the Chinese lockdown saying there's nothing wrong with the Chinese market. I think people were psychologically affected by the very strict lockdowns. It's an interesting take on on what ails the Chinese consumer right now. Tom's probably got a better view on this but but it does seem as if the Chinese consumer has been very did not react in the same way coming out of the pandemic as other consumers have who have come out and bought tickets to concerts. I'm not going to mention which tickets to which concerts. Tom is looking forward to his participation in that process. But the experience seems to be radically different to what we've seen elsewhere in the world. So they didn't have stimulus checks. They didn't have furlough and Shanghai the beating hub the financial center of China locked down for three months locked down for three months literally bars on doors. So if that doesn't impact your confidence what does. So you're not getting that additional stimulus. You were locked down in the city where you would one of the least expected in terms of where you're going to the most international city. And then you have the real estate crisis as well. So the turn has been dramatic in terms of the sentiment of the Chinese consumer. I can't really overplay that pre post post pandemic from the pandemic to now. There's been complete reversal. And just I speak to Chinese friends on the ground who would always just talk about the next holiday the next car the next thing they're investing in up until the pandemic. And that was almost universal across the upper middle class in Beijing Shanghai. That is completely flipped on its head now. That's incredible. And it's lasted a long time. Because you know this is history now. And yet this this effect on consumer appetite still lingers. I think that's a really good point as to how long this this lingers. And that's clearly feeding into the urgency of policymakers meeting today to try and pursue some of those changes because they're seeing that this is dragging on. I think to your point that that's a question. When does that turn back to a more constructive outlook for the Chinese. And where the policy can do anything to counter that kind of sentiment is really fascinating. OK. We will be back with more on China more on these markets more on the luxury stocks gaining this morning plenty more to come. This is going back. U.S. economy is is chugging along pretty well. We've had good health markets for quite a while. There's a thousand things that go wrong tomorrow. Right now everything's in pretty good shape. I think the chance of something going wrong is higher than people think. Where it'll be in six months. How much of that slowdown we see in the bottom quartile. We have to watch the data very very carefully. Whatever the world is pricing it for a soft landing. I guess I have that right now we have a no landing. Honestly a 2 percent growth rate because you can't say it's a soft landing. There are a lot of inflationary forces in front of us that you know may keep a little bit higher than people expect. What the Fed is doing with rate structure is have the impact they want. On the other hand the economy is kind of there. And now we got to be careful we don't overshoot the other way. I think they are doing the right thing to be patient right now. J.P. Morgan B. of A. Goldman Sachs the view from the CEOs we've been speaking to them all this week in Paris. Interesting to get the kind of different the kind of nuance the subtlety in terms of the differences in their opinion. I mean it's a little bit cautious. I have to say Brian sounding much more positive on the economy that he sees in front of him. But that's what makes a market right now. And the market this morning reasonably flat not really giving us a sense of direction. Just want to point out the Norway is close today. We were talking about accurate a little bit earlier on. That was yesterday's price to just be aware of that. But the tricky thing right now is we're getting conflicting signals out of the global economy. We're certainly getting conflicting signals out of what is going out of the data in the United States. Nancy Curtin is the CIO of Altie Tiedemann Global joins us now on set. Jamie Diamond sounds cautious. Jamie Diamond's worried about inflation. Jamie Diamond's worried that markets look a little bit top. He says there's a lot of happy talk out there right now. Do you think he's right. Do you think Jamie's got a different time perspective on some of these things. Jamie Diamond runs one of the biggest banks in the world and he's got to think about the upside in the downside and the lending market as well. But we have to run portfolios on behalf of our clients and we moved overweight in equities last year believing that the markets were too cautious and that we would achieve a soft landing that is still our view. And actually even though the Fed has not cut interest rates liquidity is pretty good at the moment. Look at the corporate credit. Look at the equity market. I think it's been a pretty positive beginning to the year. How worried are you about the tail risk though because the markets increasingly feel like they're ignoring. Don't see those terrorists as being germane anymore. The risk that actually inflation stays sticky and the Fed and other central banks maybe can't do as much in terms of cutting rates as maybe we had had anticipated. We're pricing to now. Does that go to zero. And what about the risk on the other side which is that actually you've got some warning signals out there flashing a little bit maybe not red but certainly amber Walmart yesterday talking about the fact that even kind of high middle income shoppers are trading down. You've got dear yesterday talking about the fact that they're not seeing the demand that they once had as agricultural prices come down a little bit as well affecting the industrials. There's some warning signals on both ends. Sure. We got to navigate through that. And let's begin with inflation. First of all I think that was a collective sigh of relief. What happened on Wednesday. In other words we saw signs of a little bit of disinflation but it's been our view that the Fed could remain cautious here. May not raise or sorry may not cut rates at all this year. But so far economic growth and earnings growth we think will trump what's going on in terms of the Fed policy. Remember liquidity is pretty generous. Look at corporate issuance. Look at corporate spreads. We've reduced QT. We've got bond yields coming down. These are all kind of positive signals as well. You talked about the consumer in the sense of there is some slowdown some evidence in some of the retail side. But think about services in the first quarter. Consumer spending on services rose over 4 percent. That's like the highest in two decades. So what are we doing. We're switching from goods maybe to services. I do think some of the lower end consumers in the United States also experiencing maybe a bit of a pullback inflation does impact them. Maybe a bit of a K style economy. But it looks to us like growth is still pretty solid in the case style economy. And to be absolutely clear you see a Fed that could stay on hold this year. But nonetheless the stock story continues to be constructive because all of those factors you pointed to. What about the liquidity impulse then the cash that's on the sidelines. And what is the next catalyst in the short term. Is it Nvidia next week. Well I think it is going to be important next week as we're going to get more information on that blackwell which is about 21 times the performance of the A 100. So and look this week we continue to see lots of interesting news on Gen A. I. Right. Project Dastra. Have you tried. Chat. G. B. T. for. Oh right. So some of the power of these applications is still to come. And I think that will encourage investors on Nvidia T. S. M. C. earnings were pretty good. I think that's a nice bell. So that A. I. Catalyst continues to run. I think it does because I think people are continuing to see the advancements. We haven't stood still in Gen A. I. We have multimodal you know tax video programming language translation tutors. Let me find my glasses somewhere in the room. You know I think lots of things are happening there so people can extrapolate about the productivity improvements ahead and that helps. Right. So you say I always get to help me find my glasses. I know Johnson's all in. Project Dastra. Did you see it. I mean he holds it up. It's very cool. Where are my glasses over there by your computer. Help him find which path to put on. That's also a critical factor as well. If you improve my eyesight that would be the main thing. That'll be excellent. That'll be really good. I mean so you don't worry then Nancy when you you say you're clearly excited about A. I. And we'll we'll we watch that manifesting itself largely within the tech space. But then you wonder where it delivers for other industries other sectors with a longer time horizon. Do you get a tall concerned about you know 2000 and what happened when we all got excited about every business but dot com after their name. And then we'll you know the potential for the Internet was not wrong. But Chef Rice has run away with themselves. You don't get worried about that. I mean 2000. Well you had pets dot com. Not exactly a durable business model trading that like stratospheric P.E. multiple. No earnings. No cash flow. These companies are sitting on huge cash piles. They'll probably deliver about 25 percent earnings this year. But it's not just about tech. I want to be clear. One of our things that we've been talking about is this broadening in market participation. 10 of 11 sectors delivered very nice earnings in the first quarter. And actually you can see not just the tech sector but industrials financials. How about utilities. You notice what's going on utilities. There's like a power thing going on because we need more power. These utilities are growing for the first time the top line. And we think there is a super cycle happening in power. And so how reliant is this outlook of yours Nancy on rates coming lower. You mentioned rates dropping. And you don't think the feds are going to cut many times this year. And you think that doesn't damage stocks too much. But what kind of effect will we see on stocks if we don't get rate cuts and if rates stay high or even go higher. Remember we're going to be focused on his earnings and earnings are anticipated to accelerate as we move through the year and also broaden to more parts of the economy. That is what we're looking for. If we don't see that then obviously that's some of the risk that you mentioned. But it's really about earnings. But remember you go back to liquidity. Corporate credits on fire spreads are the narrows they've been in over two decades. The Fed just did QT lessened the amount of tightening. Bond yields have come down. You know. Can they get any tighter. Can they get any tighter because they feel really tight right now as you say. I isn't the risk actually did the risk on spreads that actually we see them widening out a little bit. Well I think look at the end of the day there's been a huge amount of corporate issuance that continues to drive spreads lower. I think companies issue before the election right. There's some you think they can go tonight. I don't know if they'll get tighter. But what I would say is it's not exactly hard to access liquidity is it right. So even though the Fed hasn't cut interest rates I would say liquidity conditions are pretty benign for corporates and that's supportive of earnings as well. So earnings is what we're going to be watching clearly to see that acceleration and earnings as the year progresses. If that doesn't happen then that's a different story. We've become more cautious. But you know we don't just own equities. I want to make that clear. You know in the fixed income or what I call non fixed income space. There's lots of things. Gold is up 15 percent this year. Private credit is tracking to about 8 to 10 percent infrastructure infrastructure really interesting. And with infrastructure in mind. How does the politics play in any do you position for change Nancy later on this year and into the next four. I think you can't guess what's going to happen. The election in the United States other than perhaps to expect more tariffs. But let's you know let's face it what Biden put so far it is 4 percent of the Chinese exports. So it's not really a big deal in terms of its impact on inflation or the US economy. So we can't really project what's going to happen in the election. But what I would say it doesn't look to me like either president wants to cut back on fiscal spending. Right. So that's not bad for Nancy. Thank you very much. Thanks for joining us. Nancy Kersen CIO of the old Tiedemann Global. We thank you for your time coming up. We'll talk about commodities. Copper has been surging as demand is seen to only be growing. This all about the energy transition. We'll be back to that subject. This is being back. I'm confident that this time it's lift off. And I think we're going to see more momentum behind it because you have three sources of demand this time around meaning Green CapEx AI plus military back in 2021. All we had was the Green CapEx demand. And now it's full force. Supplies not there. Inventories are tight. Jeff Curry their chief strategy officer of energy pathways on copper demand for more on the copper story and the wider commodities landscape. Let's bring in Marcus Garvey now head of commodities strategy at Macquarie Group Marcus. Thanks for joining us this Friday morning. Appreciate it. On copper then. So Jeff Curry coming out with a view that you could get to 15 thousand. That's his that's his kind of target level in terms of pricing for copper. You called this cyclical upswing for commodities back in a note back in March. Where are we in that upside. Does 15 thousand sound reasonable to you. I think not in the short term to be blunt but maybe on a two to three of you. You can run scenarios where very high numbers become plausible. But I think one of the things that's really striking to us about the upswing that you're currently currently experiencing is that prices are actually beating our expectations from that note that we put out in March and even looking a little bit back to February when we started to get more constructive on the sector. But in the near term fundamentals are lagging and you could argue that markets are pre pricing tightness that's still to come but there is evidently a risk at this stage that a lot is already at the price. And if fundamentals don't catch up quite quickly you are vulnerable to a correction. So that this stage I really stress that actually it's the financial markets that are really driving the price action in the near term and that physical is lagging at what we're seeing. So if you look at physical premiums if you look at inventory developments maybe with the exception of the US copper market or if you look at import arbitrage into China or China's apparent demand biggest single center of demand for all of the major markets. None of them are actually particularly strong at this point. It's the financial market more than physical market that's making the running it. OK. So Marcus you're so you're paying to picture with this is essentially this is a kind of speculative play at this point by the financial markets. Talk to us about the demand supply dynamics then and the fundamentals. What is most consequential in putting a kind of fundamental flaw under the price. Is it China at this point. I think you've got to separate a little bit out there between the very short term and the medium term point in the sense that the argument that's being advanced which we agree with that copper has a very strong medium term outlook. You can debate quite how strong what that means for pricing. But I think almost everyone would agree it's very constructive and comes back to a fundamental view. But what we're looking at right now is a market which is to some degree pricing that fundamental development is expected to come. But it's not here yet. And so that to my point gives you an issue where the longer you don't see the fundamentals really start to deliver your your vulnerable to a catch down if for example any negative surprises either on a fundamental or on a macro basis. Because if you look at most people's forecasts this year for the copper market offer a deficit some very very large deficits even as high as six seven hundred thousand tons our own deficit estimate is about two hundred fifty thousand tons. But the year to date copper inventory is up almost four hundred thousand tons. You should build seasonally in the first quarter of the year. But you should draw consistently in the second quarter of the year. And that's not happening yet. And so the ability of the market to get to where the financial markets expecting is starting to look a little bit challenged that the financial market might be doing too much too soon. And there's a lot of spectators in the market at this point. Yes. And does that apply to New York in particular. We saw this phenomenon where the spread between the New York price and the London price seems to get stretched versus recent versus history. Barker's it sounds from what you're saying that that that shouldn't be the case. I think there's two aspects to that. One exactly that that shouldn't shouldn't be the case on any sort of sustainable basis. There's no reason that over time you should see the premium in New York and be anything outside of a normal sort of physical arbitrage level. We saw it briefly in today go to about a thousand dollars earlier this week. The underlying cause of that is that a large portion of that financial length is sitting on the CME market in New York. Both argue macro discretionary and sort of generalist capital and also systematic momentum funds that have been investing in copper. But that in addition to that and this is key for enabling that move to have happened is that the U.S. market is actually regionally tight right now even in the context of a global market that's not that tight. You look at Asia X China you look at China domestic. Those markets aren't currently that physically tight. The U.S. is. But the sort of the degrees which that's unsustainable is because you clearly opened up a physical arbitrage. It just takes a bit of time to close it. So that why I say that's unsustainable is because if you look at sort of August September you could easily find enough copper physically moving into the U.S. to close that arbitrage. And I think you've already seen people starting to position for that in the physical market. Yes. Whether you actually even see that arbitrage still be open come that time is probably a function of what happens on the financial market side. If you see a bit of a positioning call back in New York then you reduce the degree to which that arbitrage is likely to be open. So it may unwind. OK. So yeah. Rather physically. So important to keep in mind the regional dynamics then as you describe them. What kind of a bullish signal markers do you think the BHP bid for Angle was around copper because he had a business that was that received a takeover offer and was prepared to strip out almost all the other parts of its business to allow the market to value it as a copper play. That's how bullish a signal should we read that as. I think from a short term market perspective it doesn't really tell you that much about current market conditions quite clearly. But on a medium term basis what it evidently underlines is that in BHP's view and of course they may be wrong on this but they should be in a position to have a fairly reasoned opinion on it. The current market valuation of copper assets in their view is too low. And so if you're just thinking about that from a copper on a sort of build versus buy assets basis if you think those assets to cheat implicitly it's a very bullish signal for the copper price. I would add one caution though. If we look at corporate M&A in this space over time it doesn't have a particularly consistent track record in accurately forecasting the copper price. So whether or not they're right is possibly a broader debate. Marcus if I if I park the M&A story to one side though is there better value. If I want to make the copper play in in the metal or in the stock where am I going to get the biggest kind of return. If I want to make this make this story work. I'm restricted in what I can say about activities unfortunately in terms of where I sit within the business at the quarry. But I think as a general point I would say what you've got to disentangle somewhat is the fact that the stocks can trade on a sort of future discounting basis. But that ultimately the physical market has to trade on a spot basis and that can have future expectation faked into it. But that when you're in the current conditions where a lot is baked into it and the spot market itself is not there you do have a big vulnerability in a physical commodity market as we've seen in numerous instances over time where a lot of speculative length comes in often with good reason but you do too much too quickly. You do find that the physical market is then quite susceptible to a pullback in that in that commodity price itself. So it depends on your investment horizons. Just a quick question on nickel. Nickel up this morning looks like we've where we do have a problem in New Caledonia. The French are trying to gain control of that. Nickel obviously a battery metal amongst other things. It's used in armaments. It's used in various other things. The nickel prices risen pretty sharply at the moment. Is that something that again is a short term story that we're seeing obviously a near term dislocation in the market having an impact or is that something more sustainable. And is that something that I should read into the wider battery metal story as well. I think I mean for nickel a big consideration really is that in respect to what happens in New Caledonia what's going to really dominate supply side of that market is what happens in Indonesia. And a key part of the recovery you've seen the price of its lowest year to date is the fact that in the first quarter of this year in particular Indonesian exports were quite weak. You had a lot of disruptions around mining permit issuance following the change of or leading up to and following the change of the president. If you now see particularly as prices have bounced back to levels where previously we were well into the cost curve. We've moved out of that now. You're a level where incentivizing supply picked back up. And if you're not finding disruptions to that in terms of things like regulatory issues actually can the nickel market really get tight in the second half of this year. I think that's probably quite challenged unless you do find that Indonesian supplies persistently disrupted. Marcus I want to get your views on gold up 20 percent or so in the last in the last 12 months. How do you see the price action around gold evolving in the month in the months ahead. And how much of this is a central bank buying story. It's definitely been a central bank buying story for really the last two three years. But actually if we look at the other major drivers I think the two biggest drivers that have really pushed the gold price to where it is now is that we've seen Western investors while they've still been somewhat sensitive to increased interest rates. They've actually been less sensitive to that than historic relationships would suggest. So they really held on through this period of rate hiking cycle and underpinned a lot of that gold price performance. And then the additional kicker has really come in very strongly this year has been Chinese investors rather Western investors adding a bit and pushing gold price up to these sort of all time no no highs above the level of the gold price. And I think that's a good point. I think in the short term it feels reasonably neutral to us. You could make a sort of hundred dollar case either way in the next couple of months or so. But when we look towards the election I think in the autumn that could actually be a really key point for gold's price performance this year. Because if we think about why Chinese investors have been so active I think a few things which may be changing. We've seen some policy announcements today on the housing market that have been a weak housing market weak equity market has encouraged some investment into gold. Those things may move around in a positive direction in the next few months. But a big feature has been concerned about R&B depreciation. And if as we head into the election the market is pricing a reasonable possibility that President Trump wins again. And that also he is still talking about putting 60 percent tariffs on all Chinese imports into the U.S. Then there will be an implicit risk that you do get a period of R&B weakness after the election. And I would think that the way that is hedged by onshore investors with capital that's onshore is that you buy gold. So I think there's a very good chance that as you head into the autumn you get a very strong Chinese investor bid coming back as we experienced particularly in in April actually this year. And that that could be a catalyst to push gold up another leg higher. OK. That's that's really really interesting. Marcus Garvey head of commodity strategy Malkori group tying the elections in the U.S. to the gold price and the consumer at least the demand out of China really fascinating in terms of some of the key drivers there but also cautionary in terms of the price we've seen on copper given the lack of fundamentals arguably to support the pricing at least at current levels. Now from earth metals digging in the ground to outer space resources in space. Let's turn to the satellite story then Elon Musk's Starlink is transforming communications across the globe. Bloomberg Originals has been looking at how the company's dominance is sparking government scrutiny and encouraging deep pocketed rivals. The largest single constellation of satellites orbiting our planet is run by a mercurial individual who needs no introduction. It's this guy. It achieves this by maintaining a vast relay network in low earth orbit. That's the area higher than a jetliner but below a GPS satellite. Right now Starlink has more than 5600 satellites in orbit and it accomplished all this in less time than it took James Cameron to make a second Avatar movie. At one point SpaceX and Vision launching up to 42000 satellites. But this speed and relative success has raised eyebrows concerned ones in government and excited ones in the boardrooms of potential rivals. It's essentially a company trying to disrupt a somewhat complacent marketplace. That is just a glimpse of the full program. You can catch the full Bloomberg Originals episode on Bloomberg dot com and on YouTube. Plenty more Bloomberg Originals videos reports on there so you can enjoy those over the weekend. Coming up plenty of sport over the weekend. F1 World Champion Max Verstappen speaks to Bloomberg about growing the sport and the recent personal changes that Red Bull Racing will bring you our interview next. This is going back. My view is whatever the world is pricing it for a soft landing. I think it's probably have that. I think the chance of something going wrong is higher than people think. What does that mean for markets. Maybe down and credit spread. We've got gap out. So why is the market not pricing that in. Not a happy talk. Happy talk. JP Morgan CEO Jamie Diamond speaking to Blimpos Francine Lacroix at the bank's global markets conference in Paris. Pretty critical of the happy talk that he says is supporting markets. Not too much evidence of the happy talk this morning here for European stocks. We're down a little bit down two tenths of a percent on the stocks 600 this morning. Just looking for US features. Well they're flat. They don't look. They look. I don't know content rather than happy. But it's been a good time for the game. Well maybe you just hang on to your games. Maybe you just sort of sit back and enjoy the games. Maybe that's maybe that's what makes you happy after what has been a fairly decent week for for a lot of talk about the Dow Jones. Let's not talk about that. Talk about the Dow Jones. Yeah. I'd be interested to see kind of the M life take is that maybe you can or maybe maybe not the entire M life. Maybe certain portions of the M life believe that maybe you can you can listen to Diamond but appreciate he has a different time reference. Yeah. And Central Bank officials as well seeming to try to try to put try to kind of curb our enthusiasm to some extent in terms of FOMC officials overnight saying look we're still high for longer even though inflation came in better than expected and an ECB officials as well. Yes. The hawker spectrum suggesting that OK we get it. We get a June cut but don't don't hold on to your horses. Markets are listening though. Do we. I mean even if we've paused the market listening right now we've still seen games and we're not selling off on the back of it. So to that point who said it this week. I can't remember who said this week that at some point the FFMC is going to have to take the view that it needs to kind of change market perception because the markets basically if you look at the financial conditions story have have just loosened financial conditions significantly. When is J.L. be worried about that though. So he hasn't but at some point does he have to be because the US kids. How do you slow the US economy down. I. If you do get a pick up at inflation what is going to drive that narrative. And I think that's the concern. Is it going to be actually the case you would cover the fact that there's actually quite a lot of money still sloshing around the system. Lots of liquidity. There's been. Yes. And there's been lots of fiscal spending and there's also been lots of spending on experiences such as concert. Don't look at me. Don't look at him. I'm coming to you with this nice segue. A concert tickets and going to F1. OK. Nice try. It says guy on the prompt. Just saying that he's going to Taylor Swift. Not. Oh I see. Oh I didn't know that. He's been behind the. You were going to. I don't know if I know. Yeah. Going to Taylor Swift. Yeah. They were some of the other traumas. I'm still debating who the plus one is going to be. The merch though is being bought by Guy Johnson. Apparently in terms of the Taylor. He's got the hot pants. He's got the T shirt. Hot pants. Guy Johnson and Taylor Swift. There you go. Guy over to you. Why. OK. Let's. We should now move on. Basically. I'm a little this weekend. One of the great sporting things that we're going to be watching. You've also got a lot of boxing. You've got some football to talk about. I'm just kind of getting Anna warmed up here to talk about all of these things. They were in just a moment. It's obviously a huge moment for the sport as we continue to see Verstappen doing incredibly well. The sport has been doing well not only on on the the race track but also obviously in terms of its commercial success over the last few years. We've all seen. Well I've seen it. Maybe not Anna. Drive to survive has been a big feature certainly in my house. And there's been multiple spin offs of that as well. So that's had had had fans flocking to the sport. How do you continue that strategy with the current world champion Red Bulls Max Verstappen spoke to Bloomberg Jason Kelly about how F1 needs to consider different ways in terms of how it continues to grow from here and keeps fans and keep fans engaged. It depends how you want to attract fans. You can attract it of course in very different ways right. You know from the entertainment side or actually the performance side of things. And of course you know the sport has been growing a lot lately probably from more the entertainment side. But you know you also need to question like what you actually want because I think it's also very important to keep the real die hard fans really engaged. But you know these kind of things at the end of the day like I'm the racing driver I'm very focused on my performance and you know that's already taking a lot of my time. You know trying to just be on top of my game. You know being you know in touch with my team what we can try and improve and you know to tell us what that those kind of things are not really going through my mind a lot. You know how how should I grow the sport. I mean that's not up to me. I'm not you know also the shareholder of the sport. You know I'm not a big fan of the sport. I'm just here to try and win win the races. That's a fair point. And obviously the commercial success does as you rightly point out rely very much on success on the track. No one had no one would question your success on the track. It's worth pointing out that that obviously you know there's going to be a big change with Adrian Newey leaving. What's your confidence level I should say about that side of the equation moving forward ensuring that you can stay competitive on the track. Yeah I mean it's of course you know it's been you know quite a you know a change I guess but also a shame that you know Adrian will will be leaving because I think it will be always nice for him you know to be part of what we are doing. I mean he's been incredibly important for us especially from the start of of Red Bull Racing I would say. And yeah I mean at one point you know you have a lot of good people in the team really strong technical department that I trust in as well you know for the future. So naturally the confidence is very high and very excited for the coming years as well. But yeah would it have been nice for Adrian to be around as well and see that for sure. But at the end of the day you know when people want to maybe seek new challenges or whatever you can't stop that. Max Stappen speaking to Bluebirds Jason Kelly talking about kind of how the sport develops from here his focus very much on the racetrack. Immola this weekend one of the key events one of the key. It's not the it's too in Italy. There's two races. So you just this isn't necessarily this isn't the Italian Grand Prix. But it's Immola. So it's it's it's a nice part of the world. What else we got. You've got there's a big there's a big fight this weekend. Hang on before we get that the formula one thing. So he says he wants to attract. They want more viewers. Obviously they do. But like it's just boring because he keeps winning. There is a problem. There is that he's part of the problem. He's too good. They've got too much dominance. Red Bull. I mean that would be the argument from some. It's not my personal view. Well I think I mean people argue that Netflix has made it more about the entertainment. You know and maybe that was a feature of. Sure he's winning at the moment. But that was a old criticism. True. The formula one wasn't it. And then the net net net. The criticism of many sports is they don't embrace the entertainment side. That if you want sport to be successful you don't want to be pitching it to the die hard fans. You want to bring in new fans. You want to be making it entertaining. And that's what the drive to survive story. They managed to bring in a lot of female viewers as well. Has done. Yeah. Apparently so. And there's not one of them. Not Anna. Still the holder. I'm taking back Max's for Sappen's line here. He said he went asked about growing the sport. He says I don't know. I concentrate on racing. That's not my job. I don't talk about sport. I concentrate on other areas of news. Yes like cement. He was you missed it earlier on this week. I have serious interests in concrete. Right. And once you're all watching the sport I'll be playing the piano or something. Boxing. Enjoying myself boxing. OK. Just. I. Yeah. Excellent. The piano is going to be fantastic. I'm sure it's going to be very enjoyable. We need a rendition. But yeah we do. Yeah. No that's not happening. That's not happening. Boxing we've got. Yeah. I ask all fans I think I've probably got everything. Fingers crossed toes crossed everything like that. Absolutely. Sunday is a massive day. Sunday is a really big day. Final weekend. Kicking off at the same time. 4pm Sunday. So which kind of man city in Arsenal. What happens with West Ham. That's going to be interesting as well. The ever. I. Yeah. Anyway. It. It comes down to. It. Man City look like they're going to probably win it. But if I was an Arsenal. I remember living in Highbury. When they won it a couple of times and up street was a was bedlam. It was fantastic. So that would be that would be absolutely amazing. The golf. Shall fly. I'd 62. I. This is the exact opposite of the Masters. The Masters was so windy that everybody was really struggling. There was no wind yesterday. Some massive scores coming down as a result of that loads of. Under 9 minus 9. Yeah. I guess he's that's a good score. I know that you know what that means. Twenty million dollar prize money. Yeah. That's the total purse Valhalla Valhalla. Twenty million dollars. It's a second big major second major. So we'll watch that this weekend as well. So I was going to play the piano. There's there's thought to be played. I'm very glad you're here because the director sat on a wide shot throughout that entire conversation just to emphasize how little I had to say. On the subject. But excellent. I'm glad we have we done justice to the. We have. What else is coming up the rest of the day. OK plenty more coming up. In fact in the next hour let's just deal with that including an exclusive interview with Pascal Dono the president of the Euro group joint death issuance could be part of that conversation. Also joining Francine Lacroix on the pulse the president of Georgia in fact to take a much more serious turn when it comes to the country's ruling party facing protests over its foreign agent law that has been making a lot of headlines globally. So we'll certainly bring you that important conversation. That is it for markets today. Markets themselves actually down a quarter of one percent as we bring the trading week almost to a close still early here in Europe heading towards the US open flats and negative. This is Blinkberg.