 The market rally is it's set to broaden out here for the rest of the year for that. We want to bring in Jack Manley, JP Morgan, asset management, global market strategist. Jack, it's great to see you here at the desk. So talk to us just about how you're looking at Dow 40,000, this psychological level. How significant is this at all here for the market? I think psychologically it's sort of amusing. I mean, first of all, I remember Dow 20,000 not too long. Everybody was getting those caps. I know, Josh sitting here aging us. Everybody was so excited about right now. It's like, well, we're double that. I can't believe it. But the rally that we've been seeing, whether it's tech stocks and Nasdaqs or the Blue Chips or whatever, it feels good to me, honestly, because the macro data have been pretty good. And all these macro data that we've been talking about, CPI, PPI, employment from a couple of weeks ago, all this stuff matters because of what it means for rates. And at this point, the market is used to this idea that the economy is a lot more resilient than we had expected five months ago. That is not a surprise anymore. So as long as the data keep on coming in where they're supposed to come in, even if that's strong, that's not a bad thing. You've already seen this massive swing in the pendulum in terms of rate expectations. It's going to take a lot more to change that 25 to 50 basis points of cuts this year to no cuts this year or even hikes. And we've heard that from Powell himself. So as long as markets are comfortable with where rates are right now and rates are where they are because the economy is doing well, I think this rally's got legs, especially as we move into the back up of the year. Yeah, yeah, go ahead. When you talk about the rally having legs, how much higher do you think we could go from here? Oh gosh, I mean, that's a tough one. I mean, 5, 10% by the end of the year, maybe. I think we've learned over the last couple of years that you never want to underestimate what the U.S. equity market is capable of. Like you don't want to underestimate what our economy is capable of, what our consumer is capable of. So I don't want to low ball that number, right? But for me, as we move into the back half of the year, it is all about this broadening out because so much of the rally from last year is still being driven by multiples. You still have markets that are trading at pretty elevated levels. And any time, you're not only at all time highs, but also at all time highs because of multiple expansion, you're asking for trouble, right? You're asking for volatility. So the earnings have to catch up. And thankfully, those big tech names have really been pulling their weight, which is great, a lot of development on that front. But we need the rest of the index to start playing ball too. And that is, I think, a back half story. I think it helps to cushion the valuation below a little bit. And I think it helps to lift the market just a bit higher from there. Markets are forward-looking. And for a market that might be looking six to nine months out even when you're thinking about a portfolio pivot, what is the flashing sign that investors should be looking for in order to make sure that they're not continuing to enact the higher for longer playbook when now you're clearly getting signs that the Fed may be starting to enact a, OK, now it's a rate-cutting time. So from an equity perspective, Brad, I don't think there really is a pivot necessary, at least if you've been playing it the way that I've been thinking, which is right down the line, kind of boring core US equities, right? I feel like there's a big temptation right now with conversations to sort of pigeonhole yourself and say, well, is this a growthy market? Is it a value market? Right? I think the pawn that you're fishing in is just too big. You cannot limit yourself to a style box or one way or the other. The story for me right now has been, and I think will be for a long time, a story that has to emphasize quality in security selection and quality there being dependable earnings growth, reasonable evaluations, strong balance sheets, and that quality being so important, and we've talked about this before, money's not free. We spend a lot of time talking about the Fed cutting rates and when they do start to cut, how much they're going to cut by. But I can tell you with near 100% certainty that even if there's a recession, rates aren't coming back down to zero. That experiment, I think, is behind us. And if money's not free, we've got to be more thoughtful about how we allocate, and that's a quality story. And I don't think that changes even when the Fed does start to cut rates.