 Another stock that we're watching today is GameStop. We've got shares of the MemeSoc here falling this morning. You'll get losses of 23% of prelim results here, showing a drop in first quarter sales. They're also issuing here a plan to sell shares, and that's really what is moving the stock here in early trading. We wanna talk about all of this and what is next for GameStop, and the need to trade a large for that. We wanna bring in Michael Pachter. He's Webush Equity Research and Managing Director. Michael, it's great to see you. Before we get into it, just first year quick reaction to the news that we're getting out on GameStop this morning. Well, I think they're pretty smart. You definitely have to give them credit for capitalizing on the opportunity to build their war chests. I'm not seeing anything in the pre-announcement that tells me that the business is turning around, but at least they'll raise enough cash to last another three or four years if they in fact continue to flail and try to find a new strategy. So I admire that they're taking advantage of the opportunity that's probably in the best interest of their longer term shareholders. I feel sorry for the fools who buy the stock at 21 because it's worth single digits. And I'll have a note out shortly. My target's under review. Okay, but still Michael, I mean, we saw Roaring Kitty getting back on X and then that causing a little bit of this rally. I know it wasn't the only cause, but could there be another random catalyst that leads to a GameStop rally that really isn't about the company fundamentals? Well, with respect to Roaring Kitty, because he was absolutely right in 2020, there was a structural flaw in the holdings of GameStop. I mean, they had more than 100% of the share short. And he made that observation that was astute. He rallied retail investors, redditors, you know, reddit raiders to buy into the stock. And he was right. And they made a movie about it. And he was right. Now he's not actually doing anything other than posting video clips. And, you know, he was dormant for two or three years. He just started a frenzy of posts, but they're all video clips. Only one had any reference to GameStop. It was a woman with a GameStop logo on her dress. I don't know what he's saying. So sure, you know, guys posting movie clips saying, it's over, what's that mean? If you want to buy a stock based on that, God bless you. But he has not actually said, go buy GameStop. Right. So, Michael, what do you think the next several months, several quarters look like here then for GameStop? They're going to see continued declines. There's nothing big coming out this year. You know, we don't have anything incremental this year. Next year you have Grand Theft Auto, but nothing big. No new consoles this year. The console makers are all kind of guiding to lower expectations. Sony is looking to sell 18 million consoles. They were looking to sell 25 million before. The big news today, which is a Wall Street Journal exclusive speculation that Call of Duty will be on GamePass. I can confidently tell you that anybody who's a GamePass subscriber would be an idiot to buy Call of Duty, they won't. So Call of Duty sales will be lowered this year. It wasn't on GamePass last year. And that means physical sales at GameStop will be lower because of that. So lots of headwinds for them, and I don't see any way out of it. The preliminary results were actually worse than we had modeled. They did under 900 million of revenue and we had modeled a billion. That's down 25% year over year. Now that's not all industry declines. Some of that is store closures and we don't have the detail yet. But realistically, they cannot save their way to prosperity. Their store unit economics can't get any better. You have to have an employee in the store. We can't leave it at self-serve or people will steal everything. And you can't not pay rent or not turn the lights on. So they're done shrinking their cost structure. The only question is, can they shrink their store count and return to profitability? I don't think so. They lost money last year. They made 17 million at income with 45 million of interest income. So they lost on an operating basis by over 30 million.