 I'm Shauna Smith alongside Brad Smith and this is Yahoo Finance's flagship show, The Morning Brief. Stock futures edging higher this morning after a milestone market for Moment for the Dow. We've got Dow futures holding steady on the heels of touching 40,000 for the first time. It looks like at least right now, Brad, we're set to open above that level. Yeah, I put in my request for a hat with some of the traders down at the NYSE. We'll see if I get one. It remains the same. And GameStop shares were tracking those this morning on the company's preliminary Q1 results. Sparking another sell-off in meme stocks this week. Let's get to it with the three things that you need to know. This Friday morning, we've got your roadmap for the trading day. Yahoo Finance is Josh Schaefer. Josh Lipton and Madison Mills have more. Hey Brad, stock futures taking a breather this Friday morning. Softer inflation data pushing major averages to record highs earlier this week, with the Dow surpassing 40,000 and the S&P 500 trading above 5,300 for the first time ever. Indexes are on track to end this week with games. And GameStop shares are under pressure here this morning. The video game retailer issuing its preliminary Q1 earnings, revealing that GameStop expects a decline in sales. The company also said in a separate filing it plans to sell its securities for an unspecified size. Size shares down you can see about 20%. And shares of Reddit surging to the upside this morning after announcing a new content partnership with OpenAI. Under that agreement, OpenAI will gain access to Reddit's data. That'll allow the social network to bring new AI powered features to its users. Those shares popping this morning up over 10% in the pre-market. Happy Friday everyone. Our top story of the day. The Dow hitting 40,000 for the first time ever Thursday, but what components have driven the move? Yahoo Finances Josh Schaefer has the full breakdown here for us. Josh. Alright Brad, we're going to take it back a bit here. The Dow first hit 20,000 back in 2017, and several companies have contributed to the index doubling since then. Apple alone has accounted for over 3,000 of the Dow's 20,000 point jump since 2017, and United Health comes in a close second at just under 3,000. That's according to data from Bloomberg. But when it comes to the index's rally this year, United Health hasn't been much help, falling just about 1%. Investors really have two names to thank this year. Goldman Sachs and Caterpillar. Both companies seeing about a 20% jump in 2024. And all of this comes into play when we look at how the Dow is weighted. United Health takes the top spot making up over 8%, followed by Goldman Sachs, Microsoft, and Caterpillar respectively. That's according to data from index ARB. Goldman Sachs and Caterpillar alone have added almost 880 points to the Dow's rally this year, as of the end of trading on Thursday, making them the two largest gainers so far this year. The next closest contributor has been American Express, which has added more than 350 points in 2024. Yes, I think the question, and Brad, we have spoken about this time and time again, is just where exactly we go from here. When you're talking about the fact that we are at these record levels, we've seen lots of euphoria, lots of optimism, lots of excitement play out in the market, and be very consistent and much more resilient than what we were expecting heading into this year. So you take that into account, also coupling that with the FedSpeak that we heard earlier this week, and I'm kind of seeing a trimming here, a rate cut bet here before the end of the year, how much that matters and what that ultimately means for the markets. Obviously that is up for debate. But I think what this all points to, given that uncertainty, is just maybe the volatility that we could potentially see here, Josh, over the next several weeks and several months. I think one of the most notable things that we've heard from strategists over the last week is most people that are saying they think stocks go higher this year still think we see another pullback, right? And I think that's always important to keep talking about when we're at record levels, is that pullbacks are normal. The 5% pullback that we had in April is not abnormal. Actually, on average, you probably have closer to a 9% or 10% pullback in a given year. So the path, like you said, Shauna, is not necessarily going to be smooth here, but right now the way things are setting up, I think it sort of makes sense where we're at with the stock market, with the major indexes overall, right? We've been talking about a better than expected earnings season. We're seeing earnings grow at their highest level in just about two years. You're expected to keep that momentum going through the end of the year. So at some point, it at least fundamentally makes some level of sense, sort of how we got here. And I think it's the additive factor of what we were talking about with Kevin Gordon yesterday and how much of a Goldilocks scenario we could have to navigate through for the rest of the year if we're continuing to see, if we do continue to see new all-time highs, that puts even more pressure on companies who have already been rewarded less even for beating both on top and bottom, and then also giving a guidance that might still be in line with what the street looks at with the valuation that's already been tacked on. Brad, you mentioned the Goldilocks. It just seems interesting to me how quickly we shifted back to this narrative in, I don't know, two days. How quickly narratives are shifting? Yeah, yeah, like I don't know. What's the CPI print? That good? Did I read the wrong report? Like it was good. Don't get me wrong. And my core inflation coming down as people have projected is great, but we've been on that path before and then it gets bumpy, right? So I think at some point you do sort of at least question that part of the rally, maybe look at something like small cap, Shana, you were mentioning now back close to December levels. That was when we were pricing in six rate cuts, almost seven rate cuts. Now we're talking about two. So it's just, it's getting a little bit mixed and muddled, I think. And again, when you think about the economic growth, I think that's going to be the big part of the second half of the year here is we're going to be focusing on what kind of slowdown are we talking about? Because remember, yes, a slowdown in theory is Goldilocks, right? So we're not too hot. You don't want to be too cold either. And I think that's something that people need to keep in mind moving forward. Yeah, certainly. And also just a couple that with how well earnings hold up too in the second half of the year. Clearly some huge drivers here. You've had a revenue problem this quarter overall, right? The story we talked about coming into earnings was that people wanted to see revenues picking up and not necessarily just protecting margins via cost cutting. And when you look index wide at the S&P 500, it hasn't been a major revenue story. And so you wonder if that does start to pick up in the second half of the year right now. A lot of strategists and analysts would tell you that is the projection. So hopefully that does play out. And then maybe we do get some of these bullish targets that we have in the S&P 500. Yeah, exactly. Well, let's talk a little bit more about where we head from here because we're all trying to figure this out right now. The market rally is it's set to broaden out here for the rest of the year for that. We want to bring in Jack Manley, JPMorgan, asset management, global, global market strategist. Jack, it's great to see you here at the desk. So talk to us just about how you're looking at Dow 40,000, this psychological level. How significant is this at all here for the market? I think psychologically it's sort of amusing. I mean, first of all, I remember Dow 20,000 not too long. Everybody was getting those caps. I know, Josh sitting here aging us. Everybody was so excited about right now. It's like, well, we're double that. I can't believe it. But the rally that we've been seeing, whether it's tech stocks and Nasdaqs or the blue chips or whatever, it feels good to me, honestly, because the macro data have been pretty good. And all these macro data that we've been talking about, CPI, PPI, employment from a couple of weeks ago, all this stuff matters because of what it means for rates. And at this point, the market is used to this idea that the economy is a lot more resilient than we had expected five months ago. That is not a surprise anymore. So as long as the data keep on coming in where they're supposed to come in, even if that's strong, that's not a bad thing. We've already seen this massive swing in the pendulum in terms of rate expectations. It's going to take a lot more to change that 25 to 50 basis points it cuts this year to no cuts this year, or even hikes, and we've heard that from Powell himself. So as long as markets are comfortable with where rates are right now and rates are where they are because the economy is doing well, I think this rally's got legs, especially as we move into the back up of the year. Hi. Sorry. Yeah, yeah, go ahead. When you talk about the rally having legs, how much higher do you think we could go from here? That's a tough one. I mean, 5%, 10% by the end of the year, maybe. I think we've learned over the last couple of years that you never want to underestimate what the U.S. equity market is capable of. Like, you don't want to underestimate what our economy is capable of, what our consumer is capable of. So I don't want to low ball that number, right? But for me, as we move into the back half of the year, it is all about this broadening out because so much of the rally from last year is still being driven by multiples. You still have markets that are trading at pretty elevated levels. And any time, you're not only at all-time highs, but also at all-time highs because of multiple expansion, you're asking for trouble, right? You're asking for volatility. So the earnings have to catch up. And thankfully, those big tech names have really been pulling their weight, which is great, a lot of development on that front. But we need the rest of the index to start playing ball too. And that is, I think, a back half story. I think it helps to cushion the valuation below a little bit, and I think it helps to give the market just a bit higher from there. Markets are forward-looking. And for a market that might be looking six to nine months out even, when you're thinking about a portfolio pivot, what is the flashing sign that investors should be looking for in order to make sure that they're not continuing to enact the higher-for-longer playbook when now you're clearly getting signs that the Fed may be starting to enact a, okay, now it's a rate-cutting time. So from an equity perspective, Brad, I don't think there really is a pivot necessary, at least if you've been playing it the way that I've been thinking, which is right down the line, kind of boring core U.S. equities. I feel like there's a big temptation right now with conversations to sort of pigeonhole yourself and say, well, is this a growthy market? Is it a value market? I think the pawn that you're fishing in is just too big. You cannot limit yourself to a style box or one way or the other. The story for me right now has been, and I think will be for a long time, a story that has to emphasize quality in security selection. Quality there being dependable earnings growth, reasonable evaluations, strong balance sheets, and that quality being so important, and we've talked about this before, money's not free. We spend a lot of time talking about the Fed cutting rates and when they do start to cut, how much they're going to cut by, but I can tell you with near 100% certainty that even if there's a recession, rates aren't coming back down to zero. That experiment, I think, is behind us, and if money's not free, we've got to be more thoughtful about how we allocate, and that's a quality story. I don't think that changes even when the Fed does start to cut rates. Jackie, you talked about the fact that investors need to be a bit more discerning at this point, and speaking about that rotation, you're expecting to see in the second half of the year. Just more specifically, where are you seeing it right now, most likely, on a sector basis? We are starting to see signs of broadening or had been here over the last couple of months. I think the consumer names are going to be doing quite well throughout the year because we got money to spend and we like to spend it. I think that energy probably should have something of a kickstart because of what's going on geopolitically. A lot of tension around energy prices and a lot of profitability in that space. I feel like I'm beating a dead horse on the financial story, but I've liked the financial story for a while. There have been a lot of idiosyncratic issues that have hammered financial stocks at a high level, but man, if a big bank will borrow from you at two basis points and then turn around and lend to you at 700 basis points, that's a heck of a net interest margin. I do think that some of those more cyclical, more value-oriented names could do something over the next six to nine months, but it is broader than that, I think, over the long term. I know we can't talk individual stocks here, but is there one name that could break a broader theme? That theme has been generative AI and that name has largely been NVIDIA to this point, a company that's reporting earnings next week here. Is that theme ironclad enough, at least as of right now in the demand profile that we've seen regardless of what NVIDIA says? That's a really tough one. I think it might be one of the more important questions that we have to ask as equity investors is, is this AI stuff the real deal or is it a flash in the pan? I think, frankly, that the jury is still out on whether or not AI will fundamentally transform the world. I mean, there are certain pockets of industry that are already being augmented and elevated by artificial intelligence, and you hear about some really interesting use cases in the healthcare space. I mean, I was talking to a client a couple of weeks ago who was saying that artificial intelligence is a better salesman at drive-throughs than humans. They're better at upselling you. Hey, you want to supersize that. They know what the hatchback is. You want to milkshake. They know. They know and they'll ask you. It's crazy. It's totally crazy. So there are some really interesting use cases for this stuff without a doubt, but is the whole world going to be transformed? Maybe. Maybe not. And even if it is, it's not going to happen in a month or six months or 12 months. So this is a long-term play, and we keep on seeing interesting things crop up. You know, I'm not going to say name names, but there was an interesting demo that was released a couple of days ago that shows just how impressive some of this technology really can be. It's a little bit shocking, frankly, but I think if markets wake up to say, hey, maybe we got a little bit too excited about this, and maybe we pulled forward some of these earnings just a little bit, and that's reflected in those valuations. That's where I think you have potential for a bit of a shaky road. I mean, it's already starting to talk to us at this juncture. So we'll see. We'll see what people are comfortable with and what they're fading a little bit within their technology at their fingertips. Jack Manley, J.P. Morgan, Asset Management, Global Market Strategist joining us here today. Thanks so much, Jack. Thanks, guys. Absolutely. All right. All you. Another stock that we're watching here today is Reddit. We were just talking about the excitement surrounding AI. Let's talk about this move that we're seeing in Reddit today because it's to do with AI. People gain gains of just about 9.5% here in the pre-market. Now, the move higher coming after the social network company announced a new partnership with OpenAI. Under the agreement, OpenAI will have access to Reddit's data, giving the artificial intelligence startup a chance to use Reddit's content in real time. When we talked about the excitement surrounding Reddit following its IPO, a lot of that excitement was driven by the AI potential and exactly what that means here for Reddit in the long term. So on the heels of this licensing deal, to no surprise, we're seeing the stock move higher here in early trading. And Brad, when you take a look at exactly what this means ultimately here for Reddit, just quick glance at early analyst reaction here, cities Ron Josie saying that OpenAI licensing deal showcases the quote, the value of its data corpus and OpenAI's agreement should provide chatGPT with a continuously refreshed source of human conversation at scale. So they're looking at it as a win-win here for both companies. I mean, Reddit signaled it. Reddit signaled it coming into the IPO. This was in the S1 filing that this was how they saw their business being monetized by partnerships like this. I think the revenue sharing that they're able to enter into is really going to be the stickier part of this for investors as they start to get some details in future earnings reports just about how much in pass-through revenue they're able to ultimately see and net out as a result of partnerships that are really gained from generative AI, looking at the human and conversational element that takes place online, indexing and ranking. That's ingestion of data. And so I think on top of the advertising realm that Reddit still does have and is more prominent at this juncture in its revenue base, this generative AI kind of indexing of the data is that next major element that they talked about leading up to this IPO. And once again, investors are going to hear about that for a long, long time here. Also, let's talk about shares of GME. GameStop, the stock tumbling 21% after the video game retailer issued a profit warning ahead of its first quarter earnings. The company also said in a separate filing it plans to sell securities for an undisclosed amount. Shares are down by about 21%, kind of a double whammy here. And I'm going to focus in on the selling of securities actually. This should come as no surprise to some of the shareholders out there that may have piled into GME over the past few days because it's a lever that these companies are able to pull when there are this many people that are investors, traders that are buying into their stock. We've seen this with AMC before, doing at-the-market equity offerings. In fact, back then in 2021, to try and make sure that they could boost their liquidity position, they did about one and a quarter bill in at-the-market equity offerings in that wave. And it was coming, of course, kind of in the downdraft of everything. But all these things considered, they're looking at this as a clear opportunity to cozy up to investors who might still be out there, might still be interested, and improve their own cash position at the same time. So this should not come as a surprise for GameStop to be pulling that lever. Yeah, it certainly doesn't. And GameStop saying that they could potentially use these proceeds for, quote, general purposes also may include acquisition. So talking about maybe trying to get their business in a better spot, fundamentally speaking, than we are here today. But when you take a look at that action, we just had a longer-term chart there up on your screen. But taking a look at the action, even since the start of the week here, it certainly has been dramatic, these moves that we've seen in GameStop, that we've seen in AMC, that we've seen in so many of these meme names, as the retail investor really coming back in on the heels of that tweet from Mourangkiddy over the weekend, seeing reason, at least in their minds, to buy GameStop at these levels. Now, as you take a look at that one-week chart, you can see the decline that we've seen over the last two days when about $7 billion was wiped out from GameStop and from AMC, and clearly more pressure here today. But again, it's a volatile trade, to no surprise. Similar, not in scale to what we've seen in 2021, but I would say just in terms of the retail investor excitement and some of the narratives that we are talking about now, it does mirror similar to what we were talking about in 2021, although clearly wide differences there that remain on what we're seeing today versus 2021. But again, we could potentially see a bit more selling here today and then into next week, as we do pull back from those highs earlier this week. Everyone has been continuously scratching their heads. Yeah, 2021 was more of the, okay, to the moon, and this was more of a... Yeah, there's no stopping it. This was more like a trampoline. Yeah, for now. We'll see. All right, coming up, a double upgrade for Robin Hood's ending shares. Hi, we're going to break down some of today's top trending tickers. Next. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Share with us. Well, it's a cluster thing. Microsoft's cluster is apparently of the AMD AI chips that are going to be sold through this cloud computing service, of course, that Microsoft has, Azure here, and ultimately for AI models and applications to run, these businesses actually have to put together or cluster multiple GPUs here. So that from some of the great reporting out of Asia. Yeah, it's interesting. We're going to take a look at ultimately what this could mean for AMD's business. AMD expects four billion AI chip revenue this year. It has said that the chips are powerful enough to train and run those large AI models. When you take a look at that and coupling that with exactly what this ultimately means here for this business here, we are expected to hear a little bit more details when Microsoft does hold its event. But clearly there is a lot of excitement surrounding the potential here of this partnership and what exactly that could ultimately mean here for both of these companies. And then you've also got to ask what this could mean here for Nvidia as well. And whether or not how much market share this could potentially take from them or pressure this could ultimately put on the business. Yeah, I mean, I guess with the clustering that takes place in data centers, it's actually more advantageous to have multiple different types of chips running for the large language processing. So that is something that is far over my head. I would love to get an expert on that, but no doubt the stock movement is not over my head. You're taking a look at AMD shares as we were just a moment ago here, a pre-market 3.5% on this news. And you've got to wonder how this company is also going to be drumming up some of the other major deals here that are similar or synonymous to what they've just been able to do with Microsoft year-to-date company up by about 17% right now. All right, let's take a look at Take 2, that stock on the move, posting a $2.9 billion loss in the fourth quarter, sending the stock lower. The company also announcing it's due to its grand theft auto. It will not be released until the fall of 2025. That's huge news here for the company. You're looking at losses of just about 2.5% here in pre-market trading. When it comes to analysts commentary, you've got Jeffery's out saying that yes, the results may have been better than feared bookings beating expectations, but the full year 2025 guidance coming in came down here for the third quarter in a row. And then you've also got grand theft auto not launching now until delayed timeframe of fall 2025. Not exactly what many analysts and not exactly what the street hoped to hear from these results to say the least. Yeah, some bright spots. NBA 2K24 did well. Zingas in-app purchases led by Toon Blast and Match Factory. All you people out there playing on your mobile devices, that helped out a little bit. And then additionally Red Dead Redemption series, not my top favorite player, but, or game, but hey, it's for people out there. One of the huge things though, the recurrent consumer spending, that actually declined by about 2% for the period. And it counted for 79% of net bookings here, but that also gives you a little bit of the mindset into the consumer that's in a gaming realm and trying to figure out, okay, where does it make sense for me to pay more in the in-app or in-game experience here and any signs of weakness similar to actually what we were talking about, even with Roblox as well, this most recent quarter. And that kind of being one of the common denominators or the threads in these gaming companies right now. Alright, let's take a look at Robin who had another stock that's trending here in Yahoo Finance. A double upgrade from Bank of America. They upgraded the stock to buy, and that's up from under-perform and sending shares to the upside. You're looking at gains of just about 6%. The analysts behind that call say that they view the current entry point as, quote, the total opposite of 2021. And remember, in 2021, you might not remember, but that is when the firm initiated coverage on the stock with that under-perform rating and why they're saying that it's a bit different than what it was in 2021. They're saying that right now rising retail engagement, accelerating organic growth, they have positive operating leverage after large expense reductions, and then also just an attractive valuation here. And this comes following the massive surge actually that we've seen in Robinhood shares since the start of the year. It would be interesting to see if investors buy this one. And here's why. Robinhood is going to be annexing itself just a little bit more closely to crypto than we had seen even back in 2021. They just announced one of the staking parts of the business as well. That's going to be a Solana staking product for European customers here. And then there's going to be some customer acquisition costs, at least in this near-term period, offering a 10% bonus for the first 30 days on platform. So once you get past those customer acquisition costs and start to look under the hood at the customer lifetime value that you're getting from some of those new members who are trading on the platform, it's a larger question of what they are trading and if they are buying into more of the crypto side of the business that Robinhood's cozying up to just a little bit more, or the options equities side of the business, where ultimately I think for right now there's been so much fanfare, at least within the consortium of traders there, or the group of traders on Robinhood, among some core themes. And it's been the core themes that have run away for the market right now. It's been the themes like generative AI. It's been themes around some of the biggest tech companies that have just been overcrowded trades. And so if you see more of those overcrowded trades, it's a larger question of, OK, where does that rotation take place once you do see some profit taking from some of those core users and do they continue to transact within the platform? Yeah, you got Bank of America, a big price target here. It was initially 14 bucks. Now they're new price target of 24 bucks a share. So about, what, 7 bucks higher than where we're trading today. All right. All right. Just minutes away from the opening bell on the street. You're looking at, we could see a mixed open here in just two minutes. We'll be right back with the opening bell. It's gonna be fun. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, so we're going to be right back to that. Yeah. Oh, yeah. You're taking a look at the NY Seag tall. Big ball, they're energy down there. The WNBA ringing the opening bell on Wall Street and in Midtown Manhattan. You've got the great folks from. I did. Leo Hugo. We're in the opening bell there. Oh, my gosh. Do you see any of the, are there any players there? I was looking at a closer look to see if Katelyn Clark was out there. But I don't see Katelyn Clark. There's a small picture though, but that looks like at the anglevert there. Yeah. The commissioner of the WNBA, bringing the bell. We know we have to do something about it. So how many percent. Yeah. Yeah. in the bell. We know they had a new season kicking off this week. Did you see all the Caitlin Clark jerseys? I watched the debut actually. I watched her first game. There's a lot of excitement. Impressive. Yes, let's do it. Exactly what we thought we were going to see from Caitlin Clark so far. All right, let's take a look at where we are today. This market check sponsored by Tasty Trade. You are looking at a bit of a move actually to the upside that we're seeing right now at the Open as Things Shake Out. Taking a look at the NASDAQ right now. Also a brief move to the upside. Just about up a tenth of a percent as we do wait for things to open up here. You also got the S&P 500 pushing above a 5300, a couple of critical levels to watch. Let's talk about that sector action that we are seeing first on an intraday basis. We do have materials energy leading the way. Flip side, consumer staples and utilities. Two names that have been catching a bit here most recently. They're actually in negative territory at least right now, although it's very, very early. Taking a look at the five day chart, the action that we have seen this week. Technology by far, the leader so far up just about three and a half percent, Brad. Yeah, we heard you like technology. So let's give you some more technology in the kind of a la mode of exhibit. Pint my ride. Anyway, taking a look at the NASDAQ for the past five days. We're taking a look at some of those technology players, Microsoft up by about 1.6 percent. But look at Apple and Nvidia right now. Nvidia, of course, this week's performance coming ahead of that earnings report next week. And so we're going to be keeping close tabs on that as this company has absolutely been off to the races over the start of this year. We'll see if they can add on to that 90 percent gain that they've seen thus far. Tall task. We'll see if they can do it. But all these things considered, it's been a wild ride thus far. They've lived up to those lofty expectations the last couple quarters. So we'll see. But again, it's amazing that we've seen this jump of 90 percent again since the start of the year. All right, today's big news. The Dow right around 40,000 that record high level milestone that we first hit yesterday. We're trading just below that level. Now this recent move higher coming following that softer maybe than expected inflation printers pretty much in line with the streets expectations that renewed some hopes of ray cuts. Although we are seeing a bit of a repricing here today. Now this comes after a month long rally that has pushed all three of the major averages here to closing highs. Our next guest though saying that despite some of that positive econ data, there might be some macro headwinds ahead. Let's talk about it. We've got Rokia Ibrahim a BCA research strategist is here. It's great to see you here. So I'm curious how you're taking a look at these record levels. Some of this optimism that we have seen continuously play out here in the U. S. Equity market and what that ultimately means here in terms of that momentum trade and where we head from here. Right. You're right. There is a lot of optimism in the market right now. And what we've seen over the past month or so is that the narrative has sort of shifted from a no landing narrative to one that's sort of like a soft landing narrative. And that's really what's supporting the market right now. But you know, this could continue over the couple of over the next couple months. But when we take a look at what the cyclical outlook is, as you mentioned, we think that there are some headwinds in the economy that are going to then weigh on the outlook for for equities. And so when we are looking at these headwinds, it's really, you know, the U. S. Consumer that we're concerned about there, ultimately the driver of the U. S. Economy. And we think that, you know, the situation isn't going to be a lot grimmer in 12 months from now. To define the consumer right now. I mean, we've heard this definition or, you know, how they've been categorized, how we've been categorized really changed over the course of the last year from resiliency now to what we were hearing from Walmart CFO when we spoke with him yesterday and relatively stable here. How are you monitoring the situation there? Absolutely. When we take a look at the consumer, I think there are three main things that is driving consumers spending. First of all, it's their savings. And what we've seen over the past year or so is that the excess savings that were built up during the pandemic have come down and they're being depleted. And so the savings rate, we expect that to rise and that will hurt spending in in the process. The second main component is the income. So we're seeing wage growth slow. We're seeing some signs that the labor market is deteriorating. And that is going to weigh on the income of the consumer. And the third main pillar and the final pillar is the borrowing, you know, borrowing from their future earnings. And what we're seeing from things like the sluice is that, you know, banks are tightening lending standards and that's negative for consumer borrowing. What's going to be enough to keep some of this move to the upside, this optimism alive? And if we're due for a pullback, is that actually something that investors should be viewing as a healthy move then here for the market? Well, yeah, I mean, I do think that the S&P 500 is quite richly valued right now. I mean, it's not where it was, let's say during the dot-com, but burst if you look at the forward PE, it's right now it's around 20. But if you take a look at something like price to sales ratio, it's quite high, higher than where it was because of elevated profit margins. And that's another thing that's probably going to weigh on the outlook for the S&P 500 is that these profit margins are probably going to come down a little bit. And, you know, that's going to weigh down on the outlook, especially even if we don't get a very, you know, even if we get like a mild recession, you know, that is going to weigh on the outlook for the on equities because they're so richly valued right now. After times in the past where we've had such a pile into one specific theme, and in this case, it's generative AI and it's a lot of the overcrowdedness of tech, where do we see that broadening out typically take place thereafter? Yeah, I mean, what we I think that investors are very optimistic about this AI developments. And I mean, there's there is reason to be optimistic, but I think that they're, you know, they brought a lot of that, you know, future optimism forward. And that's really boosting, you know, these tech stocks. And that's what really is keeping them very highly valued. And I think that if we do have a macroeconomic environment that's deteriorating, they're going to be more susceptible, you know, to some declines because they're so richly valued right now. And so we're looking to shift towards a more defensive positioning in terms of US equities, favoring things like utilities, health care stocks, consumer staples that would probably do much better in a in a or do relatively better in a situation where the economy deteriorates. Okay, I talked to us about some of the excitement that we certainly have seen investor sentiment surrounding commodities. We have seen this move this leg higher when you take a look at the price I'm looking at crude, we take a look at copper, for example, we take a look at gold. What is that signal to you as the investor in just in terms of where we are within this cycle? Yeah, that's a great question. I think when you take a look at what's happening with commodities, there are a few things going on. You know, commodities are typically a good inflation hedge. You know, what we've seen over the past month is or since the beginning of the year really is that concerns about inflation being stickier than expected have, you know, have supported demand for inflation hedges. And so things like commodities benefit from that. You know, there's also these geopolitical risks that are happening and impacting, you know, oil markets and that's supporting oil prices, although they have, of course, come down and those risks seem to have ebbed at least based on the behavior of investors. And typically commodities do well in a late cycle environment. And so what we're seeing right now is most likely this sort of behavior reflect the late cycle environment that we're in. You know, commodities do not lead the S&P 500 in sniffing out a recession and that's mainly due to energy. So they actually energy prices typically peak after the S&P 5 and usually after a recession. And so, you know, seeing these commodity prices rise is not necessarily a signal that the economic environment is going to continue remaining resilient. Rukhaya Ibrahim, BCA Research Strategist, thanks so much for taking the time here with us today. Really appreciate it. Thanks for having me. Well, coming up, copper is surging in 2024. We'll break down what's behind the move. That's next. Into the meme stocks. It's been a wild week and it got even more interesting this morning. On actual fundamental news, GameStop shares are falling sharply after the company said it plans to sell an additional share count plus reported preliminary results that showed a drop in first quarter sales. Now, they haven't said how many shares they're going to sell just yet, but shares are still reacting. Here's the stock rallied earlier this week, fueled in part by Post on X from Rory Kitty, aka Keith Gill, one of the key figures in the 2021 meme stock mania. Yahoo Finances, Alexandra Kanell joins us for our vibe check. Okay, what's the vibe on the memes? You know, for me, Brad, the vibes are simple. This is all for fun. We are not serious people. This was a silly little blip to start our week and now the rally is losing steam. Now, that's not to say we didn't see some pretty serious moves here. I think the five day charts of both GameStop and AMC really emphasized this point at their peak on Tuesday. GameStop shares were up nearly 250%. AMC was at more than 200%. But then we saw this drastic swing down and this really proved that the rally was largely unsustainable and that this wasn't a repeat of 2021. So that I think is the takeaway here. And there's not a lot of panic among strategists. They're pretty much saying, keep calm, carry on. This was fun. Now we move on. Yeah. And I think a big difference here when we compare it to 2021 and what we're seeing here today or a big difference, I would say is just in terms of where we're seeing the institutional sides of things, just in terms of their quickness to respond. They clearly had some lessons learned from 2021. They're more ready this time around. But I think there are some similarities or parallels that we can draw just in terms of the frothiness, the over excitement and maybe the fact that investors could be a little bit bored at this stage of the cycle and trying to add a little bit of excitement here within their portfolios. Yeah. And look, Keith Gill, he is clearly someone that can rally the troops. He has his cult like following. And it's something that like you said is fun at the end of the day. Now the difference here from 2021 is that in 2021, we had a lot of extra stimulus money from the government. That is one thing. We also had a lot of people, like you said, bored at home due to the pandemic. But today, like you said, with the frothiness in the market, that could be something that really encouraged investors to get in there, gamble a little bit, have some fun, join the Reddit craze. Hence why we saw this peak one day and then really starting Wednesday, we saw this come down pretty significantly. Now we're still up on the week fairly a lot, but compared to where we were. Yeah. And I think a lot of times the consensus here from the truth, it's very dangerous to short some of these meat trade stocks, obviously. What has happened here and everything like that. So I think a lot of lessons were learned from 2021. Naturally, there are a lot of comparisons just given the excitement that we are seeing around the same names that we were talking about three years ago. But like you correctly pointed out, and very important to point out, there are massive differences compared to what is playing out now versus what played out. And then, and this is almost just a blip, when you compare it to a trampoline versus a trampoline versus a to the moon versus a rocket. Yeah. I love that. This is that blue origin trip that some people might be saving for. And there was data that actually backs us up. Vanda Research had some interesting stats that GameStop saw net inflows of 15.8 million on Monday. AMC, 37.5 million. Yes, that's a lot of money. But if you compare that to 2021, 87.5 million for GameStop and 170 million for AMC when it comes to those peak inflows in a day. I mean, that speaks largely to me that the data speaks for itself. That it's not 2021. Can we toss up that five day chart just one more time here? Because this is a textbook almost island reversal that people are looking at here. And, you know, not to get too technical in here, but of course, you had your fanfare, you got your island, and then your reversal came in that sets in. Plus, you've got the additive of what GameStop announced today, which should come, as we were mentioning earlier, to no surprise. AMC did this back in 2021 to capitalize on the amount of people that were now not only investors, but some of them might have been customers trying to catch a good flick, a good movie. And so many of the executives, their rights to capitalize on this to increase their liquidity position, but that also dilutes shares at the end of the day too. Right. You have to think they were thinking on their feet fast. Like, we got to sell shares soon right now, considering we don't know how long this is going to last. And a big reason why a lot of those strategists and many people in this industry were saying that the chances are that we get to that stage back in 2021 clearly extremely low when we've seen that play out in the markets this week. All right, coming up, let's talk about another trade that's hot for some people here. We've got copper. It's surging so far since the start of the year. We're going to break down what is behind that move higher, nearly 30% gain. Let me come back. So copper prices, it's been on a massive run since the start of the year. You can take a look at this move to the upside here on your screen. Year to date, we're looking at gains of just around 30%. Now, this latest move higher that has really picked up steam here in the last couple of trading days, a lot of that has been attributed to this supply squeeze that we've got going on the surge in demand that we will likely see for AI green cap expending that's likely to go on. That has been fueling this surge that we are seeing higher in copper prices. So here we are today with that jump of just about 30%. Now, I want to point out what had really stuck out to me is the difference of what we're seeing, the divergence between the pricing in New York and in London. When you take a look at that gap that's playing out for the June and July, you can see a massive gap here, city in a recent note pointing out that's normally around 90 bucks a ton here. And we have certainly seen that wide divergence here, almost at record level. So that of course kind of points maybe to the squeeze that could potentially be happening here as traders maybe try to position themselves for what they expected to see. There's a snapback of that premium and the price of the US copper right now, but clearly that has yet to take place. So an interesting dynamic that is going on in the price of copper right now. And also to compare that to some of the excitement that we've seen in other commodities. First, let's take a look at gold because when you take a look at the price of copper versus gold, you can see coppers even outperforming gold here are really taking over at the end of last month. You can see gold futures up just around 16, 17% a year today. And versus almost a double here that we've seen in the price of copper, which is up just about 30%. And we have seen the shift to many of these commodities here catching a bid. We were talking to a guest earlier, strategist earlier in the hour talking about the fact that some traders are trying to hedge against inflation buying some of these commodity prices. So that has been fueling some of the gains, but we've almost seen this excitement play out across the board. And we want to take a look at the gains that we have seen more broadly speaking beyond commodities year today. And this is a great chart here. You've got copper by far the outperforming. You take a look at some of these sectors here or place that's up 31%. Like I said, you've got tech stocks and gold both up just around 20%. Utilities also catching a bit. So you've seen this excitement play out in equities, in gold, in copper commodities. So investors really trying to find different pockets of the market trying to position them, their portfolios best for is certainly an uncertain a couple of months ahead. So here to talk more about what is driving copper specifically higher and where do prices go from here? Is there much upside here from these levels? We want to bring in John LaForge as well as Fargo's head of real asset strategy joining us now. And John, talk to me just about what you attribute this recent rise to and whether or not there is much room to the upside from these current levels. Well, I'd say that the most recent move. So this move to five, let's call it $4 a pound to $5 was more speculators. It was essentially contract based. There was an arbitrage going on. So essentially you saw a little bit of a short squeeze. But that can only really happen because underneath the surface, you have these fundamentals where we frankly are not producing enough copper. And yet there are buyers everywhere right now for copper across the globe. It doesn't matter if it's China, India, the United States. Everyone's pushing to go green and copper is the number one metal when it comes to that type of future. There's really no substitute for what copper does. And so underneath the surface, you really have good fundamentals. But I'd say this last little move, so we're up 30% on the year. Let's call it the last 10 to 15% was much more speculator based and wasn't about fundamentals. John, to the extent that we can, what is the kind of, as you were mentioning, the international marketplace here for copper as well? To what extent is this and the broader commodities landscape right now really hinging on geopolitical kind of factors? For copper, not much. What's generally happened now is if you go back since COVID, commodities are one of the best performing major assets out there, period, they kind of go into the radar and that's across the board. And that's because frankly, it's not geopolitical, it's the fundamentals underneath commodities. There isn't enough supply. Demand tends to rise through time. And I'm talking decade after decade after decade, mankind uses more and more commodities. So you have demand going up all the time, just a little bit, one, one and a half percent a year. Supply is the kind of key in here. So the last four years, we haven't had enough supply across the board, whether you're talking copper, gold, oil, it almost doesn't matter. So what you really have is a commodity supercycle that started four years ago that's pushing all commodities higher. So I'd say it's less geopolitical and much more the underlying fundamentals. You probably have another six to 10 years left of really strong commodity performance. That really puts in perspective. John, I'm curious when we talk about the diverges or the gap between what we're seeing in the pricing action in the US versus what we're seeing in London, that chart that we had up there earlier in the segment. Is that because going back to what you were just saying about supply, supply is tighter here in the US or just exactly why we're seeing such a wide gap? Yeah, supplies are tighter here. So you have a lot of the refiners, take the Chinese refiners, are trying to get ships and trying to get it here. So the situation, if you look at Shanghai, it's not nearly as dire from a supply perspective. In fact, inventories right now for refined copper are at, let's call it two and a half year highs in Shanghai. So it's not that bad. This is much more about futures contracts and something quirky that happened in the United States that we were running dry on refined product. And you had some speculators coming and take advantage of that on a futures basis. Doesn't change the fact though, we're going to look out a year from now and two and three. And we're probably going to be stuck with the same dynamic, which is you have roughly about 5% more demand growth in the world than we do supply growth with copper. So prices are going higher longer term. Maybe this little squeeze we've seen deflates a little bit over the coming months, but generally I'd expect prices to be higher. Is copper a perhaps annexed chip trade here as well? No, I mean, we could frame it that way in the short term. I kind of like that. But generally, no, I'd say if you look around the globe, we just don't have the supply. So we could say it's some type of chip play or arm play between China and the United States and so on. But if you look at the major producers in the world, the countries, this is just about supply. Only the Congo saw an increase in ore production, copper ore production last year. The other major areas, all flat. Last year, all flat. And we're talking US, China, Canada, you name it, right down the line. We just don't have the ore production. And yet, if you think of the globe, everyone's kind of in this, I don't want to say irrational world, but they just want to be green. So price doesn't matter as much and they just kind of push forward. So I'd say it's, chips, of course, use a lot of copper, same with EVs and you name it. But I wouldn't put it on chips. I put it on just generally, there's a lot of buying and it's not always rational buying. They're just willing to pay whatever price there is out there because they want to move forward with, again, whether it's chips, green world, you name it. It's kind of this buying that's persistent and isn't going to stop anytime soon. All right, John LaForge, always great to hear your insight. Thanks so much for hopping on with us this morning. Wells Fargo, head of real asset strategy. We appreciate it. Thank you. Coming up, Madison Mills, she's joining me for catalyst in the next hour. Markets are at all time highs. We're going to kick off the show with the strategist that now has the highest year end target for the S&P 500, 5600. He thinks we're going to see a rally from these current levels where we're hovering just around 5300. Brian Balsky joined us after the break. Madison Mills alongside Shauna Smith and welcome to Catalysts. It's Friday, May 17th. Let's dive right into it, the catalysts that are moving markets this morning. The Dow hovering just below that critical 40,000 level milestone that we first hit yesterday as investors weigh the Fed's path forward. Now, the Dow, though it's important to point out, isn't alone. You've got the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq also hitting record highs this week. We'll see whether or not we will get back to that 40,000 level here today, Maddie. That's right. And next week, the rally facing another big test with Nvidia's earnings. Can the chip's giant deliver on the street's high expectations? And Memesox taking another leg lower today after GameStop warns of falling sales and also plans to sell shares. This comes after a two-day sell-off that wiped off about $7 billion of prior gains from both GameStop and AMC. Well, first, our big story, and that is markets just at record highs here today. You've got the S&P 500 just around that 5,300 mark. The Dow hitting 40,000 yesterday. Our next guest seeing more room to the upside. He's got a year-end target for the S&P 500, a 5,600, the highest call on the street. So let's bring him in. We've got Brian Belsky's BMO Capital Market's chief investment strategist, Brian. It's good to see you. So you and I were talking not that long ago. You sounded awfully bullish for your previous S&P target. Now you're raising why now and what's the catalyst? Shanna, good morning and good morning. Yahoo! A lot of people were accusing us of being bearish because we said in late February that the market was getting a little tippity-toppity and needed to be all sideways here, especially considering the type of move that we saw. We really believe, first off, that US stocks are in a 25-year secular bull market. Number two, we believe that the cyclical portion of the bull market, meaning the cyclical bull started in October of 2022. Typically and historically, the second year of a bull market has an average correction of 9.6%. We didn't see that. We only had a 5% correction. Given what we're seeing and earnings, given what we're seeing and hearing from what the Fed is going to do, and we think equities now are becoming an increasingly important part of people's asset mixes, especially considering what's gone on in the bond market in the unwind of what we'd like to call the 40-year bull market in bonds, we think that there's more upside. And so it doesn't mean that stocks are going to be linear forever. We are going to see some sort of a normal correction, and I think that's a better buying opportunity. But for now, I think the screens are green and the skies are blue, and we're going to have a little bit more upside here. Brian, what do you think that short-term correction could look like? Well, I think it comes from a higher level. So a lot of the technicians out there use this phrase higher or low. I think this year is going to be a period of higher or low. So I think the correction comes from a little bit higher prices. And so it would be from a technical perspective and from just a pure health perspective of the market. It would be nice to take a bit of a breather here in the bull market and the upside price appreciation. Take a respite, get ready for the summer into the fall, and I think fourth quarter in particular, especially post-election, will do very well. But Brian, what would the catalyst for that pullback be? I mean, this market is acting like that CPI print was the best thing it's ever seen, and it really wasn't that soft. No, that actually is a really great point. I think that we as investors have, and we weird an entire generation of investors that only believe that stocks go up of interest rates go down. And if you think about it, we entered 2024, meaning the stock market and the investing world, thinking and believing that the Fed is going to cut six times while all of a sudden that changed. And as early as 10 or 14 days ago, people were talking about the Fed raising rates. And so I do think that we're transitioning quite frankly into more of a trading range environment, more of a focus on the stocks versus the forest through the trees. Let's call it versus all this macro data. So what could be the catalyst, I think, for a pullback would be some sort of a near-term scare and interest rate, some sort of a near-term momentum change, whether or not it's geopolitical or not. I don't think it's fundamental. Why I don't think it's fundamental is because the earnings prowess of the United States stock market is very strong. The cash flow strength is strong. Return on equity is strong. And we do think actually there's a portion of the market quite frankly where numbers are too low, especially namely in some consumer stocks. But financials, financials, financials, I think are an area where analysts have been too conservative in their outlooks. And I think a lot of earnings power will come from the financial sector. Well, Brian, let's talk about earnings. I always love to monitor mentions of things in earnings. That's always fun. Pricing power mentions are down. Expense management mentions outpacing pricing power mentions by quite a bit here. Can companies in the S&P expense manage their way to 5,600? They've been expense managing their way through the last 15 years for all intents and purposes. It's called under-promising over-deliver. We on Wall Street as investors are portfolio managers, which we are as well. We love it, love it, love it, love it, love it when companies cut costs and shut down divisions and restructure because it shows that they're having discipline. That's why if you take a look at free cash flow and you look at the operating performance, whether or not it's return on assets, return on invested capital, return on equity has been so strong. We think too from the discernibility of earnings and the consistency of earnings is stronger that we've seen in prior big bull market cycles. And so to me, this reminds me a lot more of the mid-90s prior to the irrational exuberance of 1996, which, oh, by the way, had nothing to do with tech stocks. Had everything to do with the consumer staples area, which you're talking about pricing power, remember, the consumer staples sector benefited from food inflation, and their earnings have been strong. Now you're starting to see those stocks roll over. That's why a stock like Walmart is just a juggernaut. They've done an amazing job with their inventory and their stores, especially in the grocery side. But that stock in particular, I think, is bucking the trend in the consumer staples sector, by the way, which we think is increasingly expensive. And one we think you should ignore aside from, let's say, Walmart and Costco. Brian, going back to where you are seeing those opportunities within the market, you mentioned financials. You've been overweight that sector now for some time. You're expecting that outperformance here when it comes to future earnings. Where else are you seeing that opportunity? And has that at all changed from when you initially came out with your S&P target for the year? No, it hasn't changed. I mean, we're right now positioned as a barbell, right? Overweight technology and financials. And I think the difference with technology the second half of the year is, dare I say, they're not quite second-tier companies. They're not Microsoft and Apple, which are really the part, and Nvidia part of the Magnificent Seven, which, oh, by the way, number seven in the Magnificent Seven is Berkshire Hathaway. So the financial stock is kind of snuck into that. Be that as it may, I think stocks like Qualcomm and AMD and Broadcom, on Oracle and Salesforce and Adobe, some of the second-tier companies relative to the top ones like Microsoft and Apple, I think they're going to take more buying power and more kind of increased money. I think, too, that we've seen an overall broadening out of the market. You've seen the unequal weighted S&P hit new highs. You've seen, look at small and mid-cap are doing very well as well. And I think that's the opportunity there. So I think an overall broadening out, and then don't also forget healthcare. Healthcare is the second largest sector in the market. And I think healthcare aside, so much as focus has been on Lilly and the like, which we are very fortunate to own the stock, but the United Health Care is in the Merck's and the engines of the world. I think our stocks that could do very, very well the second half of the year. All right, Brian, we're going to have to leave it there. Thank you so much for joining us. We really appreciate it. That was Brian Bell. Thank you. He is BMO Capital Market's chief investment strategist. Now investors are looking ahead to Nvidia results next week, which could drive more momentum in the current market rally. Shares of Nvidia have significantly outperformed the rest of the market for the last year. They are up a whopping 96% year to date. The big question, though, can the chip making powerhouse deliver on lofty expectations? Joining us now on this is our very own Miles. Thank you as always for being here. I mean, can they pull it off? Who knows? Well, I just want to find out. I think that in the context of what Brian was just talking about with respect to the overall market rally right now, the shape of that rally, the drivers of that rally, Nvidia's report that everyone's been eyeing for quite a long time. And obviously, the pricing structure around it, how investors expect this to factor into the overall situation, that doesn't change too much. It's still a high volatility event, both for the company and I think overall. But the context in which they are reporting has changed quite a bit over the last month in that there's now much more enthusiasm from investors around what the earnings picture is going to look like, not just in this quarter, but over the balance of the year. As Brian was discussing, the fundamental idea, the idea there will be a fundamental reason to see a 9, 10, 15% pullback this year has really faded in investors' minds. So I will be curious to see if Nvidia becomes a much more specific AI trade. And how could it be more specifically AI? But I mean it in the sense of all those pullbacks we saw at the beginning of earnings season, the TSMs of the world, does that come back for Nvidia, but does the market kind of move on anyway? How significant, I guess putting even more plainly for the viewers, just how significant this one report really is for the market. I mean, you're talking about these growth rates that we've seen at Nvidia, also just how unusual it is. I mean, point this out in our morning brief here this morning at Yahoo Financial, I mean, I wrote it, but when you talk about how unusual it is for this type of growth to continue when you got a company at this size. Yeah, it gets back to a conversation that sort of picked up at the end of last year, which was, are we sure that the semiconductor industry is no longer a cyclical business? Because it has long been a heavily cyclical business. And that meaning there are times at which you see order growth 100% plus. I mean, Nvidia has seen revenue grow and earnings grow much more aggressively than that over the last several quarters. And then there's a time when you start to see a pullback. And we've had a lot of CapX from the biggest tech companies already outlined. Those are going to be many of Nvidia's customers. So analysts can do the math on what that implies in terms of the growth rate for the company. But we're really talking about what's 2026 look like for Nvidia, what does 2028 look like for Nvidia and how much has that story changed. And to Julie's point, you don't typically see, again, in whether it's a company of this size, and video obviously, many trillions of market cap, two trillion market cap at this point, not only companies of that size, but industries in which there is such a cyclical component to it. Growth rates like that continue indefinitely. All right. Well, it's clearly a story we will be covering very closely here. Miles, amazing. Thanks so much. All right. Another stock that we're watching today is GameStop. We've got shares of the MemeSoc here falling this morning. You'll get losses of 23% of prelim results here showing a drop in first quarter sales. They're also issuing here a plan to sell shares. And that's really what is moving the stock here in early trading. We want to talk about all of this and what is next for GameStop and the need to trade a large for that. We want to bring in Michael Pachter. He's Webush Equity and Research and Managing Director. Michael, it's great to see you. Before we get into it, just first-year quick reaction to the news that we're getting out on GameStop this morning. Well, I think they're pretty smart. You definitely have to give them credit for capitalizing on the opportunity to build their war chest. I'm not seeing anything in the pre-announcement that tells me that the business is turning around, but at least they'll raise enough cash to last some another three or four years if they in fact continue to flail and try to find a new strategy. So I admire that they're taking advantage of the opportunity. That's probably in the best interest of their longer-term shareholders. I feel sorry for the fools who buy the stock at 21 because it's worth single digits. And I'll have a note out shortly. My target's under review. Okay, but still Michael, I mean we saw Roaring Kitty getting back on X and then that causing a little bit of this rally. I know it wasn't the only cause, but could there be another random catalyst that leads to a GameStop rally that really isn't about the company fundamentals? Well, with respect to Roaring Kitty because he was absolutely right in 2020, there was a structural flaw in the holdings of GameStop. I mean they had more than 100% of the share short and he made that observation. It was astute. He rallied retail investors, redditors, reddit raiders to buy into the stock and he was right and they made a movie about it. He was right. Now he's not actually doing anything other than posting video clips. And he was dormant for two or three years. He just started a frenzy of posts, but they're all video clips. Only one had any reference to GameStop. It was a woman with a GameStop logo on her dress. I don't know what he's saying. So sure, guys posting movie clips saying it's over, what's that mean? If you want to buy a stock based on that, God bless you. But he has not actually said go buy GameStop. All right. So, Mike, what do you think the next several months, several quarters look like here then for GameStop? They're going to see continued declines. There's nothing big coming out this year. You know, we don't have anything incremental this year. Next year you have Grand Theft Auto, but nothing big. No new consoles this year. The console makers are all kind of guiding to lower expectations. Sony is looking to sell 18 million consoles. They were looking to sell 25 million before. The big news today, which is a Wall Street Journal exclusive speculation that Call of Duty will be on GamePass. I can confidently tell you that anybody who's a GamePass subscriber would be an idiot to buy Call of Duty. They won't. So Call of Duty sales will be lowered this year. It wasn't on GamePass last year. And that means physical sales at GameStop will be lower because of that. So lots of headwinds for them. And I don't see any way out of it. The preliminary results were actually worse than we had modeled. They did under 900 million of revenue and we had modeled a billion. That's down 25% year over year. Now, that's not all industry declines. Some of that is store closures. And we don't have the detail yet. But realistically, they cannot save their way to prosperity. Their store unit economics can't get any better. You have to have an employee in the store. You can't leave it at self-serve or people will steal everything. And you can't not pay rent or not turn the lights on. So they're done shrinking their cost structure. The only question is can they shrink their store count and return to profitability? I don't think so. They lost money last year. They made 17 million at income with 45 million of interest income. So they lost on an operating basis by over 30 million. Michael, you mentioned the news that Microsoft is reportedly planning to release the next installment of Call of Duty as a subscription service instead of the usual all-a-car model that's according to the Wall Street Journal here. Do you think that that is a game-changing move for Microsoft? It is. Game Pass as a subscription service is only worth $15 a month, $180 a year, if you play more than $180 worth of games, so roughly three games a year. If you can use Game Pass instead of purchasing three games, it's a good deal. That's why we pay for Netflix. We pay about the same for Netflix, but we watch enough content to make it feel worthwhile. And so Microsoft is just trying to build the content so that they have enough people view the subscription as an attractive substitute for purchasing games. Yes, good for Microsoft in the long run. They won't be making money on Game Pass until they get to around 100 million subscribers and they're at 34 million. So the only way they're going to get to 100 million is to put premium content on there like Call of Duty. They own Call of Duty, so it's going to cost them the sales of Call of Duty, which is also going to cost GameStop. And they're just hoping that they get enough subscribers to make up the difference. They won't this year, but they might in five years, and I certainly think they will in 10. So they're willing to take some losses while they build the business out. I quickly want to talk to you about one other name that you cover, which is Beyond. You've got an outperform on it. This includes Bed Bath and Beyond for anyone who may not know. They obviously had their own issues and recovered to a degree. Is there any evidence that GameStop could follow a similar path as Bed Bath Beyond? Well, they could follow a similar path as the former, as the bankrupt Bed Bath and Beyond. Follow a similar path as Marcus Lamonis led Beyond? No, I don't think so. I had to look the word stand up. It's a stalker fan. That's me and Marcus. I am an absolute stan. I love that guy. No, it takes a visionary retail leader like Marcus to turn a company like Beyond around. He's buying up brands. He bought the Bed Bath and Beyond brand, or actually former management did. He bought the Zululi brand, and he's revitalizing the Overstock brand. I love that. I think they're going to be all by themselves and close out merchandise. They're going to be a premium brand for home furnishings and a premium brand for toddler merchandise. I think that GameStop, if they try to reinvent themselves, more power to them. What's left? We've already seen Ryan Cohen do Chewy. Is he going to try to sell dog food through the GameStop brand? I doubt it. For real. The GameStop brand's problem is that the substitute is not a different online retailer or a different physical retailer. The substitute is a digital download. GameStop sells something you don't need to purchase physically. Beyond does not. Beyond sells stuff that you're either going to buy at a different online retailer or you're going to go to a physical store to get. You can't digitally download a couch. Just can't app it. You can digitally download Call of Duty and Microsoft's making it easier by letting you stream it. Very easy to not make that purchase at GameStop. No, they cannot follow in the path of Beyond, unless somehow Ryan Cohen takes his billion dollar cash balance and pays it to Marcus Lamona since he's the market's turn business rep for. All right, Michael, we're going to have to leave it there. Thank you so much for joining us. We really appreciate it. That was Michael Pachter. He is Wed Bush Equity Research Managing Director. China is unveiling plans to revitalize its property sector, the country easing mortgage rules and pushing local governments to buy unsold homes to develop more affordable housing. Now this sending China's property index shares higher in the pre-market here. You can see though in the trade here, actually, I should say. But Shauna, taking a step back just to go over kind of what this is, the rescue package is meant to prop up the property market in China, which has really just been in shambles over the past couple of years here. This is the most urgent step that we've seen from authorities. They're going to have about 40 billion U.S. dollars that will go to state owned entities to convert empty homes to social housing. And just to indicate kind of the context of how tough the situation has been for housing, we have data overnight from China showing that housing prices fell at their steepest levels in over a decade here. And this makes up about a quarter of China's overall economy. So really big deal to see that struggle in the housing sector. Last thing I want to bring up is a note that we got from UBS's Paul Donovan this morning. And he was basically talking about this idea that if the growth target for China is met through production output, for example, rather than domestic consumption, China could be vulnerable to trade reprisals and things like tariffs moving forward. If your economy is based on sending stuff out and then you get a lot of tariffs, that could be a big headwind for China, which then is a headwind to a lot of the companies that we talk about all the time. Yeah, I think what ultimately the impact that this is going to have remains to be seen. There's a lot out there, a lot of strategists, a lot of forecasters saying that clearly they're not at the woods just yet. I think that is largely the consensus at this point, given the struggles that you had just done highlighting here. But the move, writing 42 billion dollars of funding to buy those unsold homes, it does mark a transition or a difference in the stance that we have seen Beijing take on the property sector here in China. So it certainly is significant. What exactly this does ultimately to prop up the economy down the road. We are starting to see that recovery gain a bit of traction in China. But again, the data continues to be mixed. We did see some pressure on the latest consumer data coming out. And then you take a look at the industrial numbers actually. And they show they point to do a signs of strength there. And we're seeing that play out in some of the commodity trading, especially oil, that movement to the upside here that we are seeing today. So again, remains to be seen. Certainly a story to watch here and more broadly speaking, the impact that this could potentially have on China's economy and that recovery. And what exactly that means ultimately here for the global markets. All right, well, coming up Boeing's annual meeting is in less than an hour. We will speak to a shareholder of Boeing to get his take on what to expect and what he wants to hear from Boeing. We'll be right back. Let's do a check of the markets here sponsored by Tasty Trade looking at green across the screen, but just barely the Dow is underneath that 40,000 level that it hit its all time high at yesterday. The S&P 500 just flipping above 5,300 here just barely though. So we'll monitor whether or not that is able to hold on here the NASDAQ also just barely up here. We see not a ton of conviction, not a lot of volume and also just not a lot of momentum heading into the trade as we kick off the day about an hour or two hours into the trade here. All right, let's talk Boeing because Boeing's annual shareholder meeting is set to kick off 11 a.m. Eastern time today. One of the big questions being voted on is whether the embattled CEO Dave Calhoun who will step down by the end of the year whether or not he's going to be reelected to the company's board for more on this and what ultimately shareholders want to see happen at Boeing or prioritize here for Boeing. We want to bring in Tony Bancroft, the Belly Fund's portfolio manager and Boeing shareholder. It's great to see you Tony. So talk to me just about what you think Boeing should prioritize and what you're hoping to learn at today's shareholder meeting. Hey Shauna, great to be here. Thank you. I think for priority my focus as a shareholder in our Cabelli commercial aerospace and defense GCAT ETF I think would be number one. I mean I know they've got to get through the technicalities of just going through the annual meeting and voting on voting on directors and CEO pay but to me the focus is they've got to get a they've got to announce and in place a new CEO now that they've announced that CEO Calhoun is leaving. You know they've got to get the spirit deal done with and put in the books. Thirdly they've got to get the 737 MAX authorization increased production with the FA increase to above 38 and then lastly they've got to get the 787 deliveries production and you know and supply chain squared away and that's what I'd be looking for in the sort of the near term. So I'm curious Tony you obviously know that shareholders are voting today on whether outgoing CEO Dave Calhoun should remain on the board. What would your take on that be? You know I refer that to our proxy voting committee but me personally you know I have no problem with CEO Calhoun. Mattie I think he's you know actually I've done a great job. Just remember where he took over in the midst of two mishaps and then obviously on top of that COVID hit the worst downturn in commercial air travel in history and he essentially brought Boeing back from about zero production of the 737 MAX at 38 a month. That's a you know that's a large increase and he did a he did a pretty good job. So overall I have no issues with CEO Calhoun. Who do you think Boeing should consider or when you talk about what that past experience should be who do you think some of those not naming specific names but talking about the possible success or just what that conversation looks like. Yeah Sean I think it's probably got to be someone doesn't need to be an insider. It could be but it's somebody who needs to have a technical background. You know Boeing at some point is going to have to design a new plane. There will come a time when you know technology and efficiency is going to outrun the current production aircraft and I think someone who has an understanding and background to work with engineers is probably is probably a pretty it's going to be heavily weighted for the decision at least in least in my opinion. I think most probably investors are probably thinking the same way. Well Tony let's just talk about the obvious here. Boeing's had a really rough couple of months here. I mean my friends whenever they see a plane issue in the news they just assume that it's Boeing. How bad is that for the stock and would that issue for them the safety issues ever change your mind on Boeing. Yeah you know I you know that's a good point Maddie. I think the reality is that Boeing has has partially lost the narrative of sort of the reality what's going on. You know right now there's multiple 737 Max aircraft launching and safely recovering all all around the world and you know just statistically speaking the FAA fleet is the safest fleet in the world and probably the safest you know form of public transportation in history. We haven't had a crash related fatality since 2009. That's 15 years. That's about 10 to 12 billion passengers traveling safe safely in under FAA watch and 51 percent of that fleet of that FAA fleet are Boeing aircraft. So they're by far the mass majority of what's driving the safety in this country. But you know with that being said you know sometimes perception reality and I think the reality is Boeing just going to have to just keep blocking and tackling moving forward and you know producing safe aircraft which they have done for you know last multiple decades and they'll continue to do going forward. Tony when we talk about the future of Boeing what exactly that's going to look like the potential acquisition interest here that we have seen in spirit aero systems. I'm curious from a shareholder perspective. Does that increase the value here for shareholders. Why are we not and then there have been some issues raised just about the impact that this is ultimately going to have on the industrial industry and the defense industry at large. How should investors be looking at that. I think in the near term it's going to cause volatility. Obviously it's going to be a big cost you know Boeing's going to have to pay pay pay for for spirit. Obviously they have to get figured out with the airbus of how they're going to deal with the two production plans that that produce airbus airbus components. And then after that you know I'm on a run rate is probably going to save Boeing about a billion dollars a year in in cost by by owning these businesses. And I think more importantly you know it's going to own the culture and it's sort of going to be one team one fight you know to fuselage the critical bull stores component for an aircraft. You're not going to get two fuselage suppliers. And I think it's just you know it's just I think it's pretty apparent that the OEM who's producing the aircraft needs to own needs to own that component of the aircraft. It's just so critical as far as production supply chain. You know you name it. So I think in the long run this is going to be very beneficial to Boeing and it's just the right thing to do. All right Tony we're going to have to leave it there but really appreciate you joining us today ahead of this shareholder meeting. Thank you so much. That was Tony Bankcroft, Gabbeli Funds Portfolio Manager and Boeing Shareholder. Now Tesla is reportedly moving ahead with its plans to build a data center in China. It could be used to help develop the self-driving algorithm that is according to reporting from Reuters. For more we're going to bring in our very own pros, Subramanian pros. This is a really big deal. What do we know so far? Well it's actually a bit of a wrinkle here. It's not so much that they're building a data center. They're actually using the data there and they can't bring it to the US. They had to already have a data center in China per their local regulations about data collection. The key was that Musk wanted to bring all that data from China to the US to train the self-driving AI algo. Can't do that. So now according to Reuters he's reversing course and said okay we'll build it. Data center stays here. The data stays here. We'll train the algorithm in China. It's important because that's where the most cars in the world with the FSD type sensors are in China. You have also a lot of mapping technology. There are a lot of other partners there that are that can share data. So he's saying potentially what if we train the algo there in China and then take that information and spread elsewhere. That's the pivot here. There's some risk there. You know with China you never know when they can lock you down. You never know when they can say you know what we're going to stop you here. So it's kind of a risk but also I think he sees that as an opportunity. You know they use the Reuters article notes that China Gigafactory became the leading factory there for them and that wasn't necessarily going to be the case when people thought about them creating that factor. So maybe China is the push. Maybe China is the sort of the angle for where they're going to attack FSD. Is this a strategy that you think do analysts think that it makes sense in terms of Tesla's longer term goals and trying to increase that widespread adoption? Yeah I think there's two parts right. I think yes because it's a big market. There's sort of wildly mapped. Other players like Baidu already doing that stuff there and you can kind of work together with but the problem is that then they don't necessarily own the data potentially right. Also there's a mention of how you can't sell these Nvidia chips in China because they're their band. So how do you get around that? They need those chips to build a data center and to train the algo. So but yeah I think they're right. There's an opportunity but also some risk. Yeah certainly it seems like yeah it seems like there's a number of risks and almost it has to be wages in terms of whether or not those risks outweigh some of the benefits that maybe Tesla could see in terms of this but clearly a story we're going to keep following right. Prost great stuff thanks. Let's take a look at applied materials. The Amat the country is the largest semiconductor equipment maker. Shares are essentially flat this morning but we're bringing this up because we're getting data out the latest earnings report here and pointing to some larger trends that we want to highlight and what this exactly tells us about the chip industry. So when it comes to what these expectations were investors were looking at Amat for signs of whether or not this chip recovery is well underway. Remember that this is a stock if you actually take a look at a longer term chart of applied materials this is a stock that has actually risen about 30 percent this year. So these results failing to really live up to those expectations or give investors a reason to buy at these elevated levels but it does give us a good sense of demand in some crucial parts of the electronic supply chain here. So again their forecast a bit tepid here at least that's the view of some of some investors and analysts at this point Maddie. Yeah it's interesting seeing some of the commentary that we're already getting in after this update from Amat as well. Morgan Stanley's analyst Joseph Moore saying he reiterated his equal weight rating saying that the forecast is conservative around China spending next year again China spending continuing to come up across a lot of these prints. He said that they're impressed by their execution but they don't see an immediate an imminent negative catalyst with the China spending but still something to watch because it was a little bit conservative there. Again those sales in the third quarter could remain flat essentially given what we already know from them and it just continues to be another name that is impacted by China spending on chips in particular. But interesting to see whether or not that is going to be able to normalize a little bit particularly as the situation in China potentially normalizes after that government intervention there. And looking at cannabis stocks as well there in the green this morning after the U.S. Department of Justice officially unveiled their proposal to ease restrictions on marijuana. Under the proposal cannabis would be reclassified from a schedule one drug to schedule three. Now just to remind people schedule one some of those drugs cocaine fentanyl I mean really intense drugs here schedule three a much more moderate schedule signifying that the drugs in that category have a low potential for physical or psychological dependence. Some of the other drugs in that area include the likes of Advil so much. It's a really big deal. It's a huge shift. Now we did see some of these cannabis stocks moving to the upside but they are still well below their five year highs. A company like Kira Leaf is still down 66 percent from its highs. Tilray we've spoken with CEO together Shauna down nearly 97 percent from its highs as well. And there is some talk about whether or not this is a deal or a move that is being done before the election because it could potentially win the favor here of especially the younger voters here for President Biden. We know President Biden yesterday endorsing this. We did see some of that excitement play out when you come to the cannabis stocks and the movement that we saw to the upside here yesterday saying that they are going to treat this he's going to treat this as marijuana as a less dangerous drug. Now we do it's important to point out that this isn't going to legalize weed though under the federal law right only Congress can do that. But again it is giving investors a reason to buy. We did initially I see the excitement when this report was initially released. We've talked to a number of these cannabis CEOs talking about the fact that this is largely viewed as a massive step in the right direction clearly more reform needs to be seen in order to have a massive catalyst here for these stocks. But it is enough for many of these names to catch a bid here in early trading catch a bid yesterday and that's what we're seeing play out when you take a look at the stock action today. Well we're going to have more of your markets action ahead so stay tuned for all of that and more you're looking at gains across your screen the S&P just above for fifty three hundred the Dow still below that forty thousand level. Keep it here for more. You're watching Catalysts. . Originally inspired by General Motors ending its EV1 program Tesla has become the world's leading electric vehicle manufacturer. In twenty twenty three Tesla generated nearly ninety seven billion in revenue and its market cap is over five hundred seventy billion. The company was Yahoo Finance's top trending ticker of twenty twenty three with over three hundred million page views. Let's take a look at some of the company's biggest moments with Beyond the Ticker originally named Tesla Motors. Tesla was founded in two thousand three by Martin Eberhard and Mark Tarpinning. Elon Musk joined the company in 2004 investing over six million of his own money and becoming chairman of the board. In two thousand six Tesla unveiled the prototype for its Roadster which entered production in 2008. It was the first all electric car to use lithium ion battery cells. After co-founders Eberhard and Tarpinning left the company Musk took over a CEO in 2007. On June twenty ninth 2010 when public via IPO on the NASDAQ at seventeen dollars per share in twenty sixteen Tesla unveiled the Model 3 its first mass market vehicle. Later that year Tesla agreed to acquire Solar City for two point six billion dollars on July six twenty seventeen Tesla stock crashed after delivery concerns. The company lost more than twelve billion defying expectations. Tesla recorded four profitable quarters in a row from twenty nineteen to twenty twenty making it eligible for inclusion in the S&P 500. On November fourth twenty twenty one the company reached an all time high stock price of four hundred nine dollars and ninety seven cents. Originally introduced in twenty nineteen the first Tesla cyber trucks were delivered to customers in November twenty twenty three. Tesla continues to produce despite its setbacks due to lawsuits manufacturing delays and musks controversial statements. Investors will continue to wait for the next wave of innovation in the world's most valuable automaker. Yeah. That looks a surprise three year partnership with the NFL is marking a major shift into live a sports program or live programming in general here for the streaming giant for how the street is interpreting this deal. What ultimately this means for Netflix. Yahoo finances very own Alexandra Canal is here in LA. I know you've been speaking with a number of analysts just give us a better sense of how they're viewing this deal and whether or not how big of an opportunity this is for Netflix. I am large reaction on the street is very positive especially considering sports has been considered the last frontier of the streaming wars. However there are some on Wall Street that say that this might be more of an experiment for Netflix really testing the waters to potentially bid on more live sports down the line. Jason Bassan a from city told Yahoo Finance. He doesn't necessarily think the NFL will help Netflix retain loyal subscribers over the long term but that it's still a good thing and a natural evolution of the industry. J. P. Morgan meanwhile argue that the games will offer a boost to Netflix's ad tier and that seems to be the driving story here that it's going to be a great opportunity for advertising and will also deepen Netflix's relationship with the NFL. The analysts Doug Ameth also said that the deal terms are attractive. Now Netflix has not revealed any specific figures but Bloomberg has reported that they are paying less than 150 million dollars per game and that's actually less than what they they've spent for some of their original movies like the gray man for example and considering the NFL has such a large built in audience that is attractive at the end of the day and really what it comes down to is that live sports live events in general we've seen them really double down with live comedy events. There's a stickiness there. There's this on demand appointment viewing and if you have that element you're going to attract subscribers and hopefully once they're there you can keep them there longer based on the content that you already have on the platform and that's what we're really seeing across the board. Netflix is pretty much shied away a little bit from the live sports game but now we're seeing them really dive right in with this NFL partnership. Well I know when you're reporting you highlight the number of games that Netflix has compared to the other ones. It's like a really tiny percentage obviously. I wonder is there a world in which people end up being like I don't even know where to find my NFL games and then that ends up being a headwind or do they have the marketing budgets that that's not really going to be an issue. Listen from the consumer perspective this isn't ideal and I do think over time that's why we're seeing all these bundled offerings right. I think we're going to eventually see more consolidation in this space but the NFL has several partners. You're seeing those on your screen right now and Netflix only has two games but they're one piece of a very large pie between broadcasters and streaming giants. Now the NFL, the NBA, all these major leagues they want to get as much money as possible and they're realizing that if they can siphon off certain games they can get a large amount of money for those specific games and have them as exclusive offers on these different streaming services. So as a consumer you're going to have to pay a heck of a lot more money than you're used to paying in order to watch every single one of these games and that doesn't create the best user experience. I'm curious Ali from your reporting and from who you've been speaking with the experts within this area how sticky are the customers who maybe do try out some of these services just for the games. Have we seen data on that yet or is it still a little bit too early to really figure out what that traction level looks like? Well Peacock did host an exclusive NFL game last season and they did see a bump in their Peacock subscribers and most of them did stay for the duration. So I think we're still a little too early to know if that can be replicated across the board there but again it all comes down to the type of content that you have on your platform that can keep people there. Obviously there's a new season of Bridgerton now. I am a big Bridgerton fan so you know as someone that is a fan of those types of shows sure if you can get them on the platform for a live event and then they can stay for some of your other scripted content that's great but there's also a lot of competition right now on the market and that's really where all this is coming to a head. So we'll see if this is just cyclical we'll see if this is the norm that these live events are just going to be receiving a lot of money and we know sports guys in general the value of those have ballooned but for now Netflix is getting into the game. I forgot that Bridgerton was back. Oh yeah I watched your first episode last night. That's the weekend. I know. Yeah it is the rain but they're doing it in two parts though. So you can't fully binge it. Which is the strategy that they've been doing. There you go. All right Allie we could talk to you forever but the producers are yelling at me. Thank you so much. Really appreciate you as always. When video shares are surging so far this year up over 90 percent year to date and investors eagerly awaiting those first quarter results coming up next week. Here's a look back at the company's rise. From creating graphics cards for gaming to becoming one of the world's leading AI chip companies it's safe to say Nvidia is officially one of the tech giants. In 2023 the company generated nearly 27 billion dollars in revenue and its market value is well over one trillion dollars. Let's take a closer look at what led to Nvidia's boom with Beyond the Ticker where we dive into the company's biggest moments. Nvidia was founded on April 5th 1993 by Jensen Huang, Chris Malikowski and Curtis Priam with a vision to bring 3D graphics to the gaming industry. In 1997 Nvidia launched its first hit product the NV3. It would later go on to sell a whopping one million units in its first four months of availability. On January 22nd 1999 Nvidia went public via IPO at twelve dollars per share and in 2000 Microsoft chose Nvidia to develop the graphics hardware for the first Xbox console. Five years later Microsoft's rival Sony chose Nvidia's hardware to power the PlayStation 3. In 2010 Nvidia became the graphics chip supplier for Auto Maker Audi and in 2015 the company launched its Nvidia drive chip for powering driver assistance technologies. In 2016 Nvidia kicked off its AI efforts with the launch of the DGX-1. Two years later the company debuted Nvidia RTX the first GPU capable of real-time ray tracing. That same year Google announced it was using Nvidia's Tesla P4 graphics cards for its Google Cloud platform. In 2022 Nvidia debuted its H100 graphics chip for AI which still stands as one of the world's most powerful chips for artificial intelligence apps and in May 2023 Nvidia eclipsed the one trillion dollar market cap mark during the ranks of mega companies like Apple and Microsoft. The stock continues to surpass its all-time highs over the past month and is currently trading at over 700 dollars per share. From a company of three engineers working on graphics cards to thousands of employees working on chips that will power the AI supercomputers of the future Nvidia remains at the top of the tech industry. This week higher all three major averages hovering near their record highs the S&P 500 just above the 5300 level the Dow just under that 40,000 level but the star of the show this week is the Dow briefly passing that critical 40,000 mark on Thursday so we want to zero in on the big names that drove that rally. The stocks that doubled the Dow since 2017 among the winners Apple at the top United Health Health Group, Microsoft, Caterpillar and Goldman Sachs. These are really the names to watch because of the degree to which they drove this rally but having said that Shauna the Dow is like such a funny little index because it's more of an average of prices rather than it doesn't weigh things correctly one could argue and the company weightings in the index are so different than their market cap so when you look at a name like Apple has having a lower weighting than Home Depot that's just weird. Yeah it's an interesting to point out it's important to point out and I think that's why so many investors really were talking a lot about the S&P and the movements that were seen there versus focus specifically on the Dow and the Dow components which obviously is just going back many many many years but I think that when we talk about 40,000 the level of 40,000 that milestone what it means psychologically I think there is reason to be excited about it clearly my takeaway from the conversations we have been having with so many strategies here Yahoo Finance over the last week is hey when we are at the the levels that we are currently at when valuations are as high as they are yes we are due for a pullback right it's not exactly going to be just up and away from here at these levels with the Dow at 40,000 with the S&P right around 5,300 but there is still reason to be optimistic just about what that action could look like between now and year end so maybe we should be ready for a pullback we could get a pullback around five percent but then we also could reverse and trend higher that's actually viewed as being healthy here for the market so my takeaway is that yes there's a lot to be excited around when we talk about 40,000 there's also reason to be a little bit hesitant or questioning the current levels of current valuation viewing a potential pullback as healthy here for the broader markets and then ultimately like Brian Balski where we started the show saying there's reason to think and reason to believe that we could see the S&P hitting 5,600 by the end of the year 5,600 hats get them ready all right well coming up is wealth dedicated to all of your personal finance needs our very own Brad Smith is going to have you for that during the next hour stay tuned you you welcome to wealth i'm brad smith and this is yahu finances guide to building your financial footprint our community of experts will give you the resources tools tips and tricks that you need to grow your money on today's show housing hurdles mortgage rates are coming down but maybe not fast enough for many people an expert will bring you the tips and the tricks to pay down your mortgage and paint at the pump for tracking gas prices ahead of a busy summer travel season so listen up there plus money in the bank or as t-payment would say money in the bank will bring you the investment strategies to deal with what one financial advisor calls a global savings crisis all that much more and plus more saying during today's show but let's kick things off with a check of the markets stocks higher after the dow pushed about 40 000 and hit 40 000 in intraday trading but it failed to close at that milestone figure on thursday here you're taking a look at the dow right now just below that right now we're flat but just barely to the upside by about 900 of a percent here the s&p 500 flat but barely to the upside as well as the nazdaq there on a percentage basis flat so we will see how we continue to navigate today's trading activity this friday we are just days away though from one of the most anticipated earnings reports of the season wall streets darling nvidia will be reporting its q1 report on wednesday and to break down nvidia's meteoric rise and what to look for in this earnings report we've got yaho finances very own julie hyman here in studio with us hey julie hey brad there'll be no singing from me but i look forward to more from you i just want to set up a little bit first why nvidia is so important remember this is a chip making giant it makes so-called gpu graphics processing units that have become really integral to this explosion in generative ai and the data processing that is needed to train ai models and then power them as they operate this has meant that nvidia has really climbed an importance in waiting in the s&p 500 it is now the third largest company by market weight in market cap in that index and it's a market weighted index so the third biggest stock in the s&p 500 behind microsoft and apple nvidia now 2.3 trillion dollars in market value you see here alphabet and amazon are even smaller when you look at that market uh cap waiting and how did it get here well if you look at the charts for the company here here is a take a look at the naztac 100 year to date of the various stocks and in vydia if you look at the year to date chart for this company it's up almost 90 percent this is after what it's 240 climb last year so it just keeps going up and up and up that means that it's gotten to that market cap level where it is today and to look at it another way here the market cap over time which has just sort of exploded in the past few years it's exploded alongside the revenue growth for the company going to back up just a bit to see if we can find that revenue chart there is that revenue chart here so you see the enormous growth that we have had in that revenue over the past few years in the triple digits after sort of hovering at the same level for 21 22 what is so extraordinary about this to just put a fine point on it is companies when they get this large it is very rare if not unprecedented for them to grow at this level to just give one example here john vin over at keybank expects that data center revenue alone for in vydia will reach 200 billion dollars in calendar 2025 that will be a 321 percent gain from 2023 so a more than 300 percent gain in just two years to 200 billion dollars just to sort of compare it to what we have seen from other companies usually companies that grow at that rate in terms of sales are very young companies tesla for example back in 2013 it grew revenue by 387 percent but its revenue was just over two billion dollars compare that again with just the data center revenue of 200 billion dollars expected for this company just a few years ago you know yes and video was known for ai but it was mostly known for graphics chips for video games and also for crypto miners and in fact it was the company of the year back in 2016 here yahoo finance i wasn't even aware of that i wasn't here in 2016 and you know back in 2016 here's the revenue right around there so it's pretty fascinating how much it has grown even as it is so large uh brad it's been a fascinating story it absolutely is and it's become even more fascinating going to become even more fascinating next week so what can we actually expect from the earnings report for this quarter so if we take a look at what our analysts are expecting for earnings they're expecting a lot of really incredible growth here so five dollars and fifty four cents and adjusted earnings per share 24.6 billion dollars in revenue again most of that is going to be data center and many of the analysts had said there was some concern that there would be a sort of pause in demand for invidious chips it's now selling its hopper suite of ai chips but it's introducing an even more advanced suite of chips and software later this year called blackwell there were some questions would clients would customers hold off on their orders for hopper chips while they're waiting for the blackwell and most of the analyst commentary i've seen has said no they will not because they'll be concerned that they can get their hands on the next generation of chips so they'll keep the orders that they have all of that said with the stock up almost 90 percent this year brad many of the analysts are questioning the further upside and pop it could get from this particular earnings report because expectations are so high and of course the focus is very much going to be on the forecast for the coming quarter and the second half of the year all right their eyes were watching nvda next week here julie thanks so much for tian up what we're going to all be keeping close tabs on next week plus turning now to the state of the housing markets mortgage rates decreased for the second consecutive week but the 30 year fixed still holds above 7 percent where it's hovered since mid april so what does this mean for new home buyers out there during us now we've got our very own rebecca chen hey rebecca what do we know here and what's the weight on some prospective buyers out there hey brad thanks so much so this week we saw mortgage rate like you said getting closer to the 7 percent it dropped to an average of 7.02 for the 30 year mortgage fixed rate on the daily tracking we actually saw mortgage rates drop even in the 6 percent range so we are starting to wonder that if we are seeing a downward pattern for mortgage rate that everybody has been talking about since the beginning of the year um aside from just tracking this mortgage rate and how it's um the whether it's heading up or down we also been tracking how home buyers are reacting to these mortgage rates and what we saw this week is that even the rates has been dropping for two weeks straight there hasn't been that much home purchase application on the market right now and what that's telling us is that home buyers are still not convinced or not motivated to come back to the market because financing costs is still too high for them just to put everything into context again right now at around 7 percent we are more than double the mortgage rate cost than three years ago so what home buyers are paying today in terms of to their bank is a lot higher than they would be in 2021 when rates were around 3 percent so definitely we are seeing a little bit more activity and a little bit more drop in the mortgage rate but there just hasn't been enough of it to entice more buyers to come back to the market um and then I think what this really tells us is that first time home buyers or really any buyers are highly sensitive to today's rate and um giving that it's been very volatile going up and down um a week every single week um we are thinking we are seeing that this has a huge correlation to what um buyers can afford today and so with that in mind Rebecca I'm with also the caveat that this is largely hinging on the Fed and what they do in the coming months when could we see rates coming down that is the million question right now but um to be honest nobody knows when mortgage rate is coming down one expert even told me that mortgage rates are famously known for being hard to predict and we can definitely see that right now because I feel like every week when we talk to experts they think it's going to go one way but it ends up going another so it's hard to tell where it's going to come down but what I can say is this um given what has been happening with the Fed with the inflation data and CPI most experts are saying that rates will probably fall further from today into the seven six to seven percent range for the remainder of 2024 what this means is we will see some kind of rate cut later on in the year and that will bring mortgage rate down um for home buyers and I do kind of want to talk about a little bit about what everybody we've seen across different financial institutions fannie may uh the n a r wells fargo all these financial institutions they changed their forecast recently from the beginning of the year and all of them up or revised their forecast on mortgage rates and when I talk to them they say it's because they just see inflation being so stubborn and the possibility of cutting rate anytime soon is getting smaller and smaller and that is why everybody is upward revising their mortgage rate today um and what this means for housing market I think that's probably what all the home buyers are wondering right now what can this mean if it's six to seven percent and if rates are being cut later essentially what it really means is that you could have when this happens you could have a smaller financing cost but it probably won't do much to the housing price because we are still in a very shortage we still see a huge shortage of inventory supply on the housing market and inventory shortage is what is driving prices the most right now um so all that being said there's still a lot of uncertainty in the housing market um but we'll be tracking mortgage rate very closely every week all right rebecca thanks so much teeing up this next conversation as well for us here high inflation interest rates it's a double whammy for your fan here it's weighing on home owners out there and the delinquency rate from mortgage loans on one to four unit homes that increased to 3.94 percent of all loans outstanding at the end of the first quarter of 2024 that is up six basins points from the fourth quarter of 2023 and up 38 points from a year ago that's according to mortgage banker associations national delinquency survey so in this economic environment how should you go about paying off your mortgage joining me now is michael roberts university of pennsylvania the warden school professor of finance great to have you here with us first and foremost i mean there are some people out there that just say if they have the means should i just pay this entire thing off right now and what are the pros and cons of doing that well great to be here with you brad um so it's really a question of whether or not it makes financial sense to pay off that mortgage so there there's some steps or a train of thought by which consumers can go through to determine whether or not they should use extra money to pay down that mortgage beginning with is this my highest cost debt right that's the great beginning point i mean there are a lot of people out there that are trying to think about the tips that they receive often for paying down the mortgage what what are some of your top tips for having a strategy for paying down the mortgage okay so so let's try and just break it down real simply um first what i would do is i'd rank my debt uh by cost because we need to think about paying off a mortgage in a broader context so think about all the debt you have credit card auto loan student loan as well as your mortgage and rank it from high to low so that's the first thing you need to do the second thing you need to do is figure out what can i earn safely in on an after-tax basis in terms of investing because what what we're really thinking about is we're taking every extra dollar and asking should i use this to pay down debt or should i invest it and if i can earn more investing it and i should do that uh so if i have a mortgage that's three and a half percent that i got four five years ago and i can earn five and a half percent on treasuries i'm not so sure even on an after-tax basis it makes a lot of sense to be paying down that low-rate mortgage on the other hand it's seven percent today i'd try and get rid of that as quickly as possible again after i take care of higher cost debt mainly credit cards auto loans and possibly student loans what if there are homeowners that are thinking about when the Fed starts cutting rates if there's going to be the opportunity to refinance and then they're looking at a different type of uh regular payments that they could be making to pay down their mortgage should people be waiting for that brad you know i just don't think consumers should get in the habit of trying to time uh interest rates any more than they should get in the habit of trying to time the stock market look i mean the Fed committed to three interest rate cuts this year just six months ago and now that's coming under question so i i i'm not sure uh it's in consumers best interest to be strategizing about where future interest rates are going to be rather just focus on that simple trade-off between where is my money best spent paying off high interest rate debt or earning a higher rate of return again assuming that that rate of return is safe because you have to pay off your debt the stock market doesn't have to pay you certainly just lastly what we have you here how does age age factor into the decision to pay off mortgage yes so that's a great question because once we get older as i'm experiencing myself right all of us are michael it's inevitable i know don't remind me um once we lose that labor income right then debt becomes much more precarious so trying to pay it down gradually over time and getting rid of it as we move into our retirement years is definitely a good strategy the question is how quickly do we want to pay it down and um remember if you have all your wealth locked up in a house because you paid off your mortgage really quickly and you didn't say that's very risky right all your wealth is tied up in a highly illiquid asset a highly illiquid risky asset and god forbid you have an emergency where you need some cash it's very hard to extract money out of a house much easier out of some sort of liquid investment like bonds or stocks michael roberts university of pennsylvania the warden school professor of finance great to have you here with us today thanks so much thank you certainly coming up everyone your gas your wallet will dive into what you can expect to pay at the pump this memorial day weekend upcoming and throughout the summer stay tuned so Let's do a quick check of the market sponsored by Tasty Trade. You're taking a look at them here, but we've got them blown up for you. Full screen now as we're taking a look at the Dow right now. It's about 100 points below that 40,000 marker, which we were able to touch. Intraday yesterday didn't quite close there. However, hey, there's still a fighting chance. There's always today and next week and as time goes on, even more time. Anyway, Dow Jones Industrial Average Flat just barely to the upside. S&P 500 is also flat barely to the upside and the NASDAQ Composite. Stop me if I sound like a broken record. It's up 400% right now. Gas prices are expected to rise this summer by about 10 cents per gallon amid falling refinery capacity and higher refining costs. That's according to new data from the Energy Information Administration. So what will this mean for drivers in the weeks and months ahead? We get into the busy summer travel season. Joining me now to discuss, good friend of the show, Patrick Dahan, who is the gas buddy head of petroleum analysis. Great to see you, Patrick. We want to use specifically on this topic because people are trying to figure out, okay, what should we be expecting as we're hopping in the car, packing up the family and getting ready to go to wherever we decide to go to get some R&R? Well, thanks for having me back. And as you mentioned, the EIA recently revised upward its forecast for gas prices this summer. I would take the underside of this bet. However, the EIA predicting a jump of 10 cents to about 370 a gallon. I would point out though that we hit 369 about a month ago now. We've actually seen the national average fall 10 cents as we approach Memorial Day. Yes, Americans, it can happen. Gas prices coming down ahead of the holiday. I don't think we'll see an average of 370. I will point out though, there certainly is risk in the month of August, a major hurricane. It certainly could impact prices. But for now, I'm expecting average gas prices this summer to state probably in the mid $3 gallon range, the exception, of course, the West Coast, California should see prices falling back below $5. But I think for the rest of this, it's going to be an eerily similar price of the pump this summer compared to what we saw last year. You know, I know that you're not a climatologist, but you just mentioned something really interesting there, Patrick, which is of course the give and take or the relationship between the weather systems and gas demand as well. What are the anticipations there? Well, it certainly could be a very busy one, at least that's what those forecasters tell us. Colorado State University and the National Weather Service both indicating it's going to be a very busy hurricane season because of El Nino conditions. In fact, Colorado State University puts the odds at about 40% of a major storm entering the Gulf of Mexico. Of course, that would be very bad news. Many of the nation's largest refineries, of course, not only hit by severe weather last night, but a lot of those lie between Houston and New Orleans and Louisiana and Texas. So any major storm going into the Gulf of Mexico certainly would be bad news. I would mention the peak of hurricane season. It does take a little bit of time for hurricane season to reach its peak. That usually happens in August. And that's why for the month of August, our projection is that we could either see prices lower in August if supplies continue to build or we could see a brief blip if we do see a major hurricane. It is still possible that the national average could jump close to $4 and a worst case scenario. When people are typically booking air travel, they're always told or frequently told, hey, yeah, book on Tuesdays because that's the time where you're going to get the most deals. It's not the same that you can apply to when you need to fill up the tank. But if there are tips or tricks that people can lean into to try and mitigate some of the costs at the pump, what could they be? Yeah, there's a lot of those tips. Things like driving more fuel efficiently certainly can increase the amount of miles you get out of every tank. When you have to fill your tank, making sure you're getting the best deal, apps like Gaspedi, Google or Waze will point you in those right directions. Being mindful of state lines for those traveling on longer road trips this summer, those state lines are basically danger zones for gas prices. I just traveled down to Mississippi a couple of days ago traveling out of Illinois into Kentucky. You'll see gas prices basically fall 30 to 40 cents. Things like routing your trip. Certainly using Google to map a more efficient route. There is a fuel efficiency route that they do have in their app. When you pay for that gasoline too after you find a good price station, checking out if there's a free loyalty program, things like fuel rewards, a lot of stations have those loyalty programs that roll back your price. There's a lot of different ways nobody should be paying what that street sign says this summer. Lastly, while we have you here Patrick, because there are a lot of the superstores that will have their own rewards programs as well with gas stations and X. Is there one that's winning that battle versus others? Certainly, with some of the wholesale clubs stand out. Costco in particular, they do a real great job with an aggressively low gas price to get people to their location. But there's not really a whole lot of other standouts. So often has a very low everyday gas price. But even that has been shrinking a little bit in the last couple of years. I would say that there's a lot of loyalty programs out there from fuel rewards, BP, a lot of the major oil companies have fuel rewards. You mentioned the supermarkets as well. Kroger have loyalty programs. They came up with Shell, I believe in some instances. I would just employ a lot of folks to go out there and make sure if you're buying groceries, there's certainly the opportunity, whether you have a loyalty program or a credit card that will give you rebates or rewards, there's a lot of ways out there to reduce what you're paying at the pump. Patrick, always a pleasure to see you. Thanks so much for hopping on with us. Thanks for having me. Some valuable information for travelers out there. Patrick Dahan, who's the gas buddy head of petroleum analysis. Great to see you. Coming up everyone, our next guest says that we're in a global retirement and savings crisis. Great. But don't fear, we're going to bring you the strategies that you need to avoid the pitfalls. Thank you. We'll see you in a minute. Bye now. Bye now. Bye now. Bye now. Bye now. Bye now. Bye now. Bye now. Bye now. Bye now. Bye now. Bye now. Bye now. Bye now. Bye now. Bye now. Bye now. Bye now. Bye now. Bye now. Bye now. Bye now. Bye now. Bye now. Bye now. Bye now. Bye now. Bye now. Bye now. Bye now. Bye now. Bye now. Bye now. When it comes to saving for retirement, Americans are feeling pretty pessimistic. And overwhelming 79 percent of Americans say that our nation is facing a retirement savings crisis according to a survey conducted by the National Institute of Retirement Security. So how can we defy this trend? And what are the strategies that you need to avoid the pitfalls here to weigh in? We've got Sue Crotty, who is the Segal Marco Advisors Chief Investment Officer. Great to have you here. So a lot of people are just trying to figure out why. Why are we in this retirement savings crisis right now? Are there some reasons that you've been able to summarize and point this back to? Yeah, a couple, Brad. As everybody knows, we probably can't retire on Social Security alone. So we need some sort of way to save for retirement. The two most popular ways, obviously, being a defined benefit plan or the more popular in terms of the numbers and the assets that define contribution role. Just a couple of stats. The lowest paid 25 percent of workers have access to a DB plan, about 8 percent of people. And to a DC plan, about 45 percent, of which less than half of those will actually participate in the plan. And even if you go up to the highest 25 percent of people, its DB access is about 40 and much higher on the DC side, 70 plus percent. But again, here, only 63 percent of them will participate. So the latest numbers I've seen from Meabry was an average 40-year-old who has a DB or DC plan has about $38,000 saved for the town. And the average across the entire population, which 1.2 plus million people, is about $70,000. So that's not going to be enough for anyone in retirement to try to maintain their standards of living. Certainly. But what do we do about it? It's the real question. Right. And that's part of the next question here. How do we get to a point where we begin to make meaningful improvements and claw our way out of the retirement savings crisis? Solved it is in plan design, automatic enrollment, automatic escalation, those sorts of things. If you have access to a plan, certainly know that is the way to build wealth. There are a lot of new proposals coming out in terms of creating access to retirement plans. Small businesses right now, which employ close to 50 percent of workers, 70 plus percent of those don't have retirement plans. So that's an area where we really need to try to figure out solutions. The Secure Act did come up with some ways to help access and lower costs of offering some sort of retirement plan, but it's in its infancy and it really needs to be pushed in order to gain broader access across the larger population of our country. For a lot of retirees or planned retirees, I mean all of us planned to retire. So all of this considered one of the major things that it was part of the thought process for decades at this point was, hey, you're looking to retire, you go to a warm weather state, maybe you go to Florida or something like that and you just kind of chill out down there on your retirement, on your social security. It seems like the equation is changing drastically and are there other states that are also trying to make sure that they're making it more livable for retirees? Yeah, as I mentioned, there's lots of different new plans that are being thrown about and discussed and some being implemented. A lot of statewide plans are coming into effect at this point in order to try to enhance people to put some money away. And those vary state by state and I could even start to go through the wide variety and amounts. But it's easily accessible if you just Google your state retirement government plan. That is one way, Roth IRAs are another way. Part of the problem is that it's just not in the nature of many people these days to put that extra dollar away. It's why I started with saying retirement plans are the best way to try to build wealth. It compounds tax-free. It comes out when you're theoretically at a much lower income rate in retirement. So when you have to take money out, a defined benefit plan, which for a long time in this country was the single biggest and easiest way to put money away, is now just a very small fraction as DC has taken over it. For DC plans, making sure that you maximize a company match is a very important thing to think about. I talk to my kids about this all the time. It's giving money away if you don't actually put in enough to get that company match. So those are ways you should be thinking about it as you look at and it's never too early. Even if you put the minimum away, if it compounds over the next year or 20 or over the next 45 years, you're going to have a decent amount of money and you won't miss that $2 out of your paycheck. No, no, I haven't. I haven't yet. Thank you so much for taking the time here with us today. Sue Crotty, who is the Seagal Marco Advisors Chief Investment Officer. Appreciate it. Have a good one. You too. Coming up everyone with credit card balances as an all time high, could personal loans be an option for you? We're going to go over some of the pros and cons for those who are loan curious next. Wednesday's CPI reports showed that while the pace of inflation may be moderating, consumers are still feeling the pressure on their wallets. One area that this is showing up in credit card debt, where the average debt per borrower $6,218. They're seeing it on screen up 8.5% from last year, 2023, according to TransUnion. For more on how consumers are dealing with their debt, we welcome in Dan McKaylee, who is the Discover Personal Loans Vice President. Why is it that we're seeing credit card debt pile to this level here? What are some of the leading factors that you can point back to? Yeah, Brett, thank you for having me. You said inflation, I think, is the primary cause. Discover Personal Loans did a survey last year. The top reason for consumers feeling stress was inflation, 58%. As a result of that inflation, they're seeing higher prices in pretty much all areas of their life. In some cases, they're using debt to finance it. With that in mind, we're starting to get into the conversation now of, okay, if someone has this debt that is mounting up, where do they need to start thinking about loans in order to pave down some of that debt? What should the evaluation be there? Your earlier guest was talking about the different rates that they might have on different types of debt. I think the same applies here. Credit card average APRs in 2023 were at 23%. That is up from 16% during a period of the pandemic. By comparison, a personal loan could offer them the opportunity to refinance that debt as low as 6.99% if they have outstanding credit. There's an opportunity for substantial savings if somebody has great credit and they can roll that higher cost debt into something with a lower fixed rate payment. Is there a general rule of thumb for a percentage improvement that a person should be looking for when they are consolidating debt? I don't know that there's a specific percentage improvement. One of the great things about a personal loan is that you can check your rate without impacting your credit report. You can explore your options. I think options are a consumer's best friend, especially somebody who's trying to manage their debt. I would encourage somebody who thinks they might have a savings opportunity to go out and figure out what rates they can actually earn, explore their options for payments and rates. Are there some tips as well that you've been able to have in terms of the relationship between Discover Financial and its customers on how to pay down debt, but also where to stop spending maybe because that's part of the other equation, making sure that you're not racking it up on a continual basis. Yeah, that's right. Everybody needs a budgeting strategy. The 50-30-20 rule, 50% towards needs, 30% towards wants, 20% towards savings is a very popular strategy, also trying to increase incomes. Those are difficult things to do. Making sure that you're getting the best price you can on your debt is something that sometimes people overlook. What I would suggest is going out there, exploring all options, having a good strategy to manage the spending is, of course, top of mind. Looking out and looking at any opportunities to refinance that at a lower rate. Our producers probably hear me ask this all the time and they're about ready to throw a stapler at the control room monitor when I say this, but we've seen the way that the consumers described change so frequently and recently over the past year from the consumers resilient then to the consumers healthy now to what we're hearing from some of the retail CFOs and C-Suite saying that the consumers relatively stable here. If the consumer is spending or tapping or swiping the credit card at this frequency, what does that tell us about the state of the consumer from the Discover perspective? I think we saw earlier, as you mentioned, the Bureau of Labor Statistics consumer price index is better than it was in prior months, but that's a little relief to consumers. They're still seeing the effects of higher prices. That's what it tells us about the state of the consumer. Typically, they would prefer to avoid debt. I don't think that people are in a situation where they're managing debt should be ashamed of it. They need to be able to have that conversation open then honestly and try to get themselves out of it. There are some positives here. We know that 80 percent of customers who take a personal loan to consolidate debt report that they feel less stressed about their financial situation. So there are ways to manage their debt better and meet their overall financial goals. And then, Nicolay, who is the Discover personal loans vice president. Dan, thanks so much for taking the time here on this Friday. Yeah, thank you, Brad. Absolutely. It's a good practice to try and pay your credit card on time, but what happens if you don't? Joining me now in studio, we've got a guy who finance contributor, Ross Mack. All right. In the event, somebody does not pay their credit card on time, what should they expect to happen? Well, one, I don't want to be a Debbie Downer, right? Listen, obviously we understand you want to pay your bills on time, but some people are carrying a balance, are actually failing to do that. And what is all said and done is going to impact your credit score, right? At the end of the day, we're talking about what makes up your FICO score. Paying your bills on time is 35 percent of that. So literally missing one payment, that's going to have a significant impact on your score. It can go down about 100 points at max, right? But not only that, it's also going to stay on your credit report for up to seven years. So now let's actually talk about what happens when your credit score is impacted, right? That's going to impact any other future credit worthiness when it comes to whether it's auto loans, home loans, personal loans. And guess what? What's even crazier, some jobs are actually going to run your credit score. Really? Some jobs will literally run your credit score and they might say, hey, if this person I pay my bills on time, guess what? They're probably not showing up to work on time, right? I probably can't actually, you know, trust that person. Another thing is, right, financially, right? There are a lot of other ramifications, right? Obviously higher interest rates you're going to pay when you try to borrow, moving forward. But another thing, right, that interest rate is obviously going to compound. And so I saw, you know, one of the stats that say at the average, so like over, about half of Americans are carrying a balance right now, but the average is about $6,200. So using that number, right, you got to ask yourself, okay, what's the minimum? A lot of people get caught in the cycle of just paying that minimum. Oh, I'm going to just keep paying the minimum. Guess what people? The minimum is roughly 2% of what your outstanding balance is. So on that $6,200, I'll just round it to purely $6,200. The minimum at 2% is literally $124. However, if you have an average interest rate on that credit card, that's roughly $124. So the reality is you would only be paying the interest rate and not the principal. So for instance, on that graphic that we just had, if it was actually to bump it up to maybe $130, you're paying $6 extra, well now that will actually get you to pay it off. But guess how long? 13 years, right? And now you're also paying a ton more in interest. So I think you'll probably be paying over 5x what you borrowed. So it's a lot of ramifications when it comes to credit cards. There's also been a new way, of course, and this has been revised, at least the way that the credit score is calculated in recent years, where people can now have other regular payments that they're making, say for instance on rent, on things that are even, I think I heard, even down to your Netflix account if you're paying on that, that can actually help your credit worthiness. How many people are tapping into things like that? Is it clear? Yeah, I'm not sure if the data there is clear, but I do understand that there are other ways that people are finding ways to actually say, okay, how could I actually help this person when it comes to being more credit worthy? Because obviously some people don't have access or other communities are traditionally under banked, so they don't actually have, when it comes to, because credit mix is another thing that comes to your FICO score. So it's like, what are some other ways, and obviously everyone for the most part is paying their rent on time. Yeah, we certainly hope so. Ross Mack, thanks so much for taking the time here. Joining us this week in studio, appreciate it. My man. Absolutely. Coming up, many Gen Z professionals are not about that traditional life. We'll dig into the statistics backing Gen Z's preference for freelance careers. Gen Z, I don't hate you. I just want you to know that it's in the prompter, our producers wrote it. I'm going to read it here today, but we're going to dive into it a little bit on the other side. But before we get into that, Nvidia reports quarterly results after the bell. On Wednesday, here's a look back at the company's rise. From creating graphics cards for gaming to becoming one of the world's leading AI chip companies, it's safe to say Nvidia is officially one of the tech giants. In 2023, the company generated nearly $27 billion in revenue, and its market value is well over $1 trillion. Let's take a closer look at what led to Nvidia's boom with Beyond the Ticker, where we dive into the company's biggest moments. Nvidia was founded on April 5, 1993 by Jensen Huang, Chris Malikowski, and Curtis Priam, with a vision to bring 3D graphics to the gaming industry. In 1997, Nvidia launched its first hit product, the NV3. It would later go on to sell a whopping 1 million units in its first four months of availability. On January 22, 1999, Nvidia went public via IPO at $12 per share, and in 2000, Microsoft chose Nvidia to develop the graphics hardware for the first Xbox console. Five years later, Microsoft's rival Sony chose Nvidia's hardware to power the PlayStation 3. In 2010, Nvidia became the graphics chip supplier for Automaker Audi, and in 2015, the company launched its Nvidia Drive chip for powering driver assistance technologies. In 2016, Nvidia kicked off its AI efforts with the launch of the DGX-1. Two years later, the company debuted Nvidia RTX, the first GPU capable of real-time ray tracing. That same year, Google announced it was using Nvidia's Tesla P4 graphics cards for its Google Cloud platform. In 2022, Nvidia debuted its H100 graphics chip for AI, which still stands as one of the world's most powerful chips for artificial intelligence apps. And in May 2023, Nvidia eclipsed the $1 trillion market cap mark, joining the ranks of mega-companies like Apple and Microsoft. The stock continues to surpass its all-time highs over the past month and is currently trading at over $700 per share. From a company of three engineers working on graphics cards to thousands of employees working on chips that will power the AI supercomputers of the future, Nvidia remains at the top of the tech industry. That's according to Upwork's latest survey. So to break down, what you need to know about the GenZ workforce and, of course, to demystify the headlines from the actual data, we've got Kelly Monahan, who is the Upwork Research Institute Managing Director here with us. Kelly, great to see you. Thanks so much for taking the time here on Wealth. First, where ultimately are some of the GenZers kind of flocking into the workforce based on this survey data? Yeah, Brad. What we see within our survey data is that GenZ is really redefining what it means to have a long-term career today. As you mentioned, our headline is over 50% are choosing to work full-time in a freelance capacity. A lot of that is driven by the macroeconomic conditions that they need to make money and that they want stability. And they've seen a lot within the macro climate today that's caused whether that's been layoffs, inflation. And so this need to be much more in control of their careers is what I'm seeing underneath the data set. And where are they working? It's a really highly skilled avenue. So 70% year over year growth we've had on our platform in the areas of AI and machine learning. And these GenZ freelancers are much more likely to already have the AI certificate in their hand ready to go. No doubt GenZ will have had its hands on technology for far longer, at least in a percentage of their life than generations prior purely because from much of the technological advancements they've been there literally since perhaps since they were born, really. And so all of these things considered, what do business leaders need to know about how to engage with GenZ in the workplace and how to, of course, continue to make sure that they are, for lack of a better word, stimulated at work. Yeah. So I think this is a big wake up call for leaders today. The way that we've structured employment and work, I think through often the times you hear in HR leaders in particular talk about it in terms of talent acquisition. Meaning I want to find that one person, that one unicorn who can come in and I don't want them working or doing anything else, but working on this role or this job. GenZ is telling us that's not how they want to work. And so what they're asking business leaders to think about is talent access over talent acquisition. And that means I want to come in, I want to work on projects that I have find meaningful, that I'm learning and developing and growing my skill sets on. They're the most diverse generation to ever walk the planet as well. And so they're looking for cultures and environments where they can feel that they can be themselves, which is why we found 63% of GenZers are freelancing because of that reason. They don't feel they can be themselves in corporate cultures today. So if I'm an executive, I got to really be rethinking through, how do I access this talent? How do I make sure I don't need to have control ultimately over them? And I'm much more open-minded. They're going to be working in an open talent ecosystem today. How does the wages compare? I mean, we're talking about a generation that is really cozyed up to the idea of having flexibility, setting their own schedule, knowing the type of projects that they want to work on and being able to really thrive in a freelance driven environment more than ever before, perhaps, versus some of the wages, some of the coverage, even in benefits and total compensation packages that it would be compared against if it was just a normal nine to five. Yeah. So I think the great thing that we're seeing with GenZers in particular in our platform is that they're able to set their own rates. And so I know there's obviously a lot of conversations around the social safety nets, but what GenZ has been able to do, especially those that have a post-grad degree, so we saw within our survey research too that 7% of GenZers who hold a post-grad degree are again choosing to freelance full-time instead of going to a corporate position. It's a really big flip than what I was expecting to see in the data, and I think what we've seen from other generations. So because of that, if you have GenZ, if you've got the right skill set, especially those in the technical domain, and or let's talk about enduring human skill sets too, those that can manage, communicate large, complex projects, you actually might be able to earn more going through a freelancing route because you're able to set those wages and making sure that you're doing so in a way that covers your social safety nets. Kelly, we only got 15 seconds left and in a game, informal game of, so you think you want to freelance, what is the number one consideration that people need to keep in mind? Number one thing is making sure that you're learning and reskilling. In order to freelance your control of your career, make sure you're staying on top of the trends and continuing to skill with what's in demand today. Kelly, crushing it. Kelly Monahan, who is the Upwork Research Institute Managing Director. Thanks so much for the time. Thanks, Fred. Absolutely. Let's do a final check of the markets here as we're taking a look at the major averages. Oh no, slippage on Isle Nasdaq. We're flat, just barely to the downside. We'll see if we can hyper-oscillate as we go on throughout the rest of the day and ultimately end back in positive territory. Fingers crossed. Dow, S&P 500, they're in the green, just barely by the hair of a chinny chin chin. That's it for Wealth right now. I'm Brad Smith. Thanks so much for watching and stay tuned for Market Domination. With Julie Hyman and Josh Lipton, that's coming up. 3 p.m. Eastern Time, you don't want to miss it.