 Well, data showed inflation eased slightly in April with poor CPIs and some repressed index rising at the lowest annual level since 2021. The latest data welcomed read after three straight months of hotter than expected print. So where are the opportunities for investors? We're looking at how to navigate the big picture with the Yahoo Finance Playbook. Joining us now is Jeremy Bryant, Senior Portfolio Manager at Gradient Investments and David Miller, Catalyst Fund's Co-Founder, Chief Investment Officer and Senior Portfolio Manager. Guys, thanks so much for being here. David, I'm going to start with you. You're sitting right next to me here in studio. So as we look at this inflation picture, how much are you factoring that into your strategies that inflation seems to be sticking around? Do you think of it you have to hedge it or you want companies that are taking advantage? Kind of how do you work it into your investment philosophy? Yeah, so I guess my philosophy is the Fed is saying that they have this 2% target and even with CPI coming down a bit, it still doesn't look like it's that realistic given that the federal government is running a trillion and a half dollar deficit and it doesn't seem to matter too much which party wins, that deficit's likely to continue. It seems pretty clear to me at least that more likely than not, we're going to have higher for longer. And what that really means is higher for longer is actually very good for companies where they have very high margins. If you're thinking about a company like a Mastercard or a Visa, inflation is great for those companies because that's going to put more through their networks and that flows right down to the bottom line. If you're in a company where labor costs are really significant and margins are tighter, it's not negative. So we're really focusing on those companies that are in monopolistic, oligopolistic type positions with really high margins, the Mastercards, the Visas, the Microsofts, companies of that nature. And Jeremy, we'll start kind of big picture, same question to you. You've seen obviously inflation cool but kind of stalled out here, it's proven stickier than maybe some people imagine. How do you think about it, Jeremy? How does it play into where you do or don't want to put money to work? Yeah, I'm going to agree and disagree a little bit. I'm going to start by disagreeing. I think actually the math that works in our favor to where the numbers are going to come down, are we going to get to 2% anytime soon? Probably not, but I think we're still generally trending in the correct direction. But where I would agree with them is the names he mentioned. I thought those were phenomenal names, but those are phenomenal names even in a lower or higher inflation environment, right? Microsoft, Visa, Mastercard, these just have really, really good businesses. I mean, they're always, they can pass pricing through an inflation's high, but they're also sticky and very high moat businesses even in bad times and in low inflation times too. So while I disagree with where he's coming from on the inflation side, I think the companies are actually relatively good. We're doing the same things we're always doing. We're trying to look for relative valuation opportunities and to be completely honest right now where we see that most is in healthcare. We think healthcare has been kind of left behind here a little bit and given, you know, if we're in an inflationary environment, my chances are I would guess that probably healthcare is driving some of that as well is that those prices don't tend to come down much. So the valuations and the relative valuations to the market and some of these healthcare names, whether you're talking devices like Metronic and Abbott or services like Sigma, these companies are relative discount valuations and their earnings, growth profiles are pretty good at mid to high single digit and sometimes even low double digit earnings growth. And so David, when you hear what he's saying, I mean, would you also sort of get defensive at all in this environment as well or look for companies with more defensive characteristics? Well, so healthcare is defensive and I agree as well. We actually like some of the more expensive names in healthcare, some of the GLP1 type names. It seems like there's very good chance given the data coming out on GLP1s that you'll continue to see very significant revenue and earnings expansion at those names. So that's where I really like the sweet spot where you get the growth, but it's defensive growth and high free cash flows, high margins. And I think those companies, whether it be like UnitedHealthcare or the GLP1 type names, they're both a very good place to be.