 Top story of the day, the Dow hitting 40,000 for the first time ever Thursday. But what components have driven the move? Yahoo Finances, Josh Schaefer has the full breakdown here for us. Josh. All right, Brad, we're going to take it back a bit here. The Dow first hit 20,000 back in 2017, and several companies have contributed to the index doubling since then. Apple alone has accounted for over 3,000 of the Dow's 20,000 point jump since 2017, and United Health comes in a close second at just under 3,000. That's according to data from Bloomberg. But when it comes to the index's rally this year, United Health hasn't been much help, falling just about 1%. Investors really have two names to thank this year, Goldman Sachs and Caterpillar, both companies seeing about a 20% jump in 2024. And all of this comes into play when we look at how the Dow is weighted. United Health takes the top spot, making up over 8%, followed by Goldman Sachs, Microsoft, and Caterpillar respectively. That's according to data from index ARB. Goldman Sachs and Caterpillar alone have added almost 880 points to the Dow's rally this year, as of the end of trading on Thursday, making them the two largest gainers so far this year. The next closest contributor has been American Express, which has added more than 350 points in 2024. Yes, I think the question, and Brad, we have spoken about this time and time again, is just where exactly we go from here. When you're talking about the fact that we are at these record levels, we've seen lots of euphoria, lots of optimism, lots of excitement play out in the market, and be very consistent and much more resilient than what we're expecting heading into this year. So you take that into account, also coupling that with the FedSpeak that we heard earlier this week, we've kind of seen a trimming here, a rate cut bet here before the end of the year, how much that matters and what that ultimately means for the markets. Obviously, that is up for debate. But I think what this all points to, given that uncertainty, is just maybe the volatility that we could potentially see here, Josh, over the next several weeks and several months. I think one of the most notable things that we've heard from strategists over the last week is most people that are saying they think stocks go higher this year still think we see another pullback, right? And I think that's always important to keep talking about when we're at record levels, is that pullbacks are normal. The 5% pullback that we had in April is not abnormal. Actually, on average, you probably have closer to a 9% or 10% pullback in a given year. So the path, like you said, Shauna, is not necessarily going to be smooth here. But right now, the way things are setting up, I think it sort of makes sense where we're at with the stock market, with the major indexes overall, right? We've been talking about a better than expected earnings season. We're seeing earnings grow at their highest level in just about two years. You're expected to keep that momentum going through the end of the year. So at some point, it at least fundamentally makes some level of sense sort of how we got here. And I think it's the additive factor of what we were talking about with Kevin Gordon yesterday and how much of a Goldilocks scenario we could have to navigate through for the rest of the year. If we're continuing to see, if we do continue to see new all-time highs, that puts even more pressure on companies who have already been rewarded less, even for beating both on top and bottom, and then also giving a guidance that might still be in line with what the street looks at with the valuation that's already been tacked on. Brad, you mentioned the Goldilocks. It just seems interesting to me how quickly we shifted back to this narrative in, I don't know, two days. How quickly narratives are shifting? Yeah, yeah. Like, I don't know. Was the CPI print that good? Did I read the wrong report? Like, it was good. Don't get me wrong. And my correlation coming down as people have projected is great. But we've been on that path before and then it gets bumpy, right? So I think at some point you do sort of at least question that part of the rally, maybe look at something like Small Cap Shawnee you were mentioning now back close to December levels. That was when we were pricing in six rate cuts, almost seven rate cuts. Now we're talking about two. So it's just, it's getting a little bit mixed and muddled, I think. And again, when you think about the economic growth, or I think that's going to be the big part of the second half of the year here, is we're going to be focusing on what kind of slowdown are we talking about? Because remember, yes, a slowdown in theory is Goldilocks, right? So we're not too hot. You don't want to be too cold either. And I think that's something that people need to keep in mind moving forward. Yeah, certainly. And also just a couple of that with how well earnings hold up too in the second half of the year. Clearly some huge drivers here. You've had a revenue problem this quarter overall, right? The story we talked about coming into earnings was that people wanted to see revenues picking up and not necessarily just protecting margins via cost cutting. And when you look index-wide at the S&P 500, it hasn't been a major revenue story. And so you wonder if that does start to pick up in the second half of the year right now. A lot of strategists and analysts would tell you that is the projection. So hopefully that does play out. And then maybe we do get some of these bullish targets that we have in the S&P 500.