 So I met him in person, looked like his pictures, really charming, like really kind of opening up to me. Like so we had a coffee, he was talking about his job, he was the CEO of a big diamond company. On the first day I met him we travelled on this private jet. I fell quickly and I fell hard. Welcome to Radio Davos, the podcast from the World Economic Forum that looks at the biggest challenges and how we might solve them. This week, the Tinder Swindler. You may have seen the unbelievable Netflix documentary about how this woman's dream first date spiralled into a nightmare. They came to my work to special security agents and told me that they had a long investigation on him. They asked for if I had a picture of him when I showed them the picture and they just looked at each other and they nodded. My life was just falling apart. Far from being a one-off case, fueling the public's appetite for bizarre true crime stories, Romance Fraud is actually a global multi-billion dollar industry, part of the booming criminal business known as cybercrime. It's a very good example of cybercrime. It's playing on a very basic human need, but the need to be loved has been around as long as people have been here. What's different and why has Romance Fraud changed? Cyber enabled fraud allows us to do these things at scale. Subscribe to Radio Davos wherever you're at your podcast, so visit wef.ch slash podcast where you'll also find our sister programmes Meet the Leader and Agenda dialogues. I'm Robin Palmer at the World Economic Forum and with this look at Romance Fraud, cybercrime and the real life case of the Tinder swindler. Everyone thinks that this is old women, vulnerable, sitting at home, knitting type of crime, but it's not. Do you enjoy true crime documentaries? Maybe you caught this one on Netflix. You can find a bit of everything on Tinder, but one little swipe can change your life. The Tinder Swindler is a mind-boggling case of Romance Fraud in which a charming, handsome and apparently very rich man meets women on a dating app, gets them to fall in love with him and then cons them out of a lot of money. $20,000, $30,000, $140,000. His life depended on me. That's when police tell me the man I love was never real. An extraordinary confidence trick that leaves the anxious viewer very relieved that this is not their own story. But it is the story of this week's guest. Cecilia Fjellhøy is the Norwegian woman at the centre of the documentary whose life was torn apart by the actions of a con man. A survivor of Romance Fraud on a grand scale, she now advocates for the rights of and support for others who find themselves in similar grim circumstances. In this episode we'll also hear from Sean Doyle who works at the World Economic Forum's Centre for Cybersecurity on just how widespread Romance Fraud really is, why it's a multinational, multi-billion form of cybercrime and what is being done to combat it. But first, Cecilia Fjellhøy, interviewed here by my colleague Anna Bruce Lockhart. You were defrauded out of over £200,000 by a man who went to just the most unbelievable length to disguise himself and fool you into trusting him. Can you tell us a little bit about that? I know you've told the story a million times before but just for the background to the rest of the conversation we're going to have. Yeah, I met man first on Tinder back in 2018 and we matched up and I was the first one who wrote a message to him because I could see that he was travelling a lot around. He had a look that I liked and the next morning we met for a coffee in London. So I met him in person, looked like his pictures. Really charming, really opening up to me. So we had a coffee, he was talking about his job, he was the CEO of a big diamond company, was travelling around, whining and dining clients, signing contracts, so that was his job. We really connected, he was telling me about his daughter and at the end of the coffee he was like, I really want this to continue, I want to see you more. And I was like, yeah, me too, it's a shame, we said, do you want to join us? Do you want to join us today? We're going to Bulgaria for a business trip but I would love for you to join us. And unfortunately at the time I had just moved to London, I was finishing up my master thesis so I was just working part-time so I was going to work on my master thesis that day so I actually had the opportunity to go with them. So I said yes and then when we got out from the coffee I was introduced to this entire team of people working for him who had been waiting for him. So I met his business partner, private assistant, I met his bodyguard and several drivers and I met his daughter and the baby's mother so you can imagine it was a proper overwhelming feeling of seeing how an entire different life was. And it was wonderful, so that's when the private jet trip happened. So on the first day I met him we travelled on this private jet and I fell quickly and I fell hard and we talked every day, face time, he was always available, always caring. Everyone I talked to said that Simon is amazing, he is so caring, he's funny, he was really funny with you and I was in that state that I was like, wanted almost to protect him because he had so many people around him, kind of like, you know, if you're a rich guy, there's a lot of vultures around and I was like, well why can't we just be in my apartment in London and make tacos and I was trying to kind of get him to relax more. But it's the reason why he had a bodyguard so he said to me that he had gotten some threats from his competitors because he was doing so well in the business but everything was going to be fine but it was the reason why he had the bodyguard, Peter. And after a while, getting small drips, you know, he couldn't come to London anymore and then he was showing me pictures of, you know, funeral flowers, he had gotten on his door and he was showing me CCTV of a break in his apartment in his home country and I was like, wow, like this is, are you safe? Like I was sending him several messages, it was like, I was really feeling for him because I was like, what is this life? Things were not getting better, things were only getting worse and around Valentine's I had given him a very nice presence, a very personal one, like 10 wonderful things about you that I've written myself and I've given him a book about how it is to be in a relationship with the Norwegian and it was like several things and very quickly after that, he said that he had a security team that I told him now that he couldn't use his cards anymore because his competitors were tracking where he was in the world by the spend on his card and that could be detrimental for him. It was like there were death threats that he had on him, so it was providing him a lot of difficulties. At this point in time, then he asked for a favor. The favor wasn't money, you know, it was security, so he's asking me, do you have a credit card that I could just use your name to travel safely under so you could travel safely in Bissell, Iffy, Alloy and not Simon LeVive. And at this point in time, I have to say, the request felt so small compared to what he had given me, you know, both experiences, emotional support. For me, I was like, this man is so caring. What kind of person would I be now if I would then say, no, you can't even borrow my credit card with the notion that this was a very difficult situation for him. So unfortunately, I took up a credit card, I traveled to Amsterdam to see him, and he started using it very quickly and was racking up it very quickly. So I had to then talk to the bank because they were blocking the card, lying to them where I was in the world. If he was in Cape Town and it was blocked, I had to call pretend, hi, I'm in Cape Town. I'm trying to spend $550, you know, dollars. Can you open it? It was terrible, the amount of pressure when I was working full time. Every time the card was blocked meant that he might be in difficulties and in danger. And that was another ballgame for me. And of course, things didn't get better. It only got worse. When I was visiting him, they created immersive theaters around me where I was with him on day during Easter, and we were going to be together for Easter. We're going to travel away. And I was like, finally, you know, you really need to, you know, you're in such difficulty these days, you need to get away. But then Peter calls it, Simon, they found you. They found you. You have to leave now. I have a plane ready for you. I don't know where you're going, but you need to leave now. Simon was, I can't, like I've just come here with Cecilia. But in the end, he left me and we had to, you know, turn off the lights in the apartment, look through to see if we saw the enemies. I was scared we hadn't locked the front door. It was terrible. And you're feeling it yourself. Later on, he made me have to remove my last name on my Instagram because they were going after me and changed my profile picture. And it was just insanity. And then they got attacked in Copenhagen as well, where I got woken up at 2 a.m. where his bodyguard had been attacked and they just had to flee. And he had to go into hospital. And I remember his words so clearly like, we are in a war right now. We. And using the we, that is not just him, it's us together. It's so powerful. And that's what I saw, like mixing the love that I had for him and the care and being scared. You have a very strong cocktail there to get people to do what you want. And he got me to do insane stuff, you know. I took out 25,000 pounds in cash and traveled with that. Who, who is that? You know, that was not me. So after a while, you know, I was fearful, we're fearful for him. So I started taking up high consumer debt loans in Norway because he was racking up the bills and it was insanity. So in the end, I had taken up nine loans and over 200,000 pounds in just 54 days, 54 days. So that is kind of the story of it, like quickly, but the insanity around the pressure, you never know when a phone call is going to come. You never know when an SMS is going to come in where he is in trouble or a message where it just says he loves you and misses you. And you're like, oh, like this is like, so he was my one constant. That was him. I was more fearful of what would meet me on the outside when I realized what was happening to me than when I was it with him. Because as long as I had contact with him, as long as he was with there and he was promising me that everything was going to be okay, that was more powerful than take that into what is actually going on here. This is not a healthy good relationship. This is pressure beyond belief. When did Simon's lies start to unravel and what happened when you confronted him? I think I realized like mentally in the end, because he had been traveling around for this big deal. He was going to buy a hotel here in London. And in the end, he was going to come to London and either cry on my shoulder or pop the champagne. And I remember that night when I went to bed and he was going to have this final meeting that was going to decide it all. And the next morning I woke up and I just got a message. I lost and I was shaking because remember the weeks before I got in a check that I couldn't cash. I was checking my bank account every single day and no transfers were coming in. It's creeping up on you that something is, you know, I call it the waiting room. We're sitting in the waiting room just like in like what is going to happen. And it's just more comfortable just being there because at least that's what we know than opening that door and go into the doctors and get the news. I think that's how I view it as an analogy because I think that is so true. You know, it's almost like domestic abuse victims. They stay. And it's the same thing. We stay because this is what we know of. So I think in the end then I woke up and saw the message and I started like shaking. I went to work, but my body was physically telling me I was almost throwing up. I was physically shaking at work. I was sitting there like work has been escapism, you know, as leads. That's where I can just think about work. I couldn't even do that anymore. Even then I used two days before I did anything. I kept it up with him. And that's when I sent a message to the bank that I had the original credit card for and said, I need help, that I finally realized something is off here. And that's when they came to my work with two special security agents and told me that they had a long investigation on him. They asked for if I had a picture of him. I show him the picture and I remember when I show him the picture, they just looked at each other and they nodded. My life was just falling apart. And then they were showing me names of people that I had bought, you know, flight tickets for. And it was just, you know, knowing what you had been part of. But seeing as well like that they were saying that we're going to go after him. And this is his job. Think about it like you're good at your job. This is his job 24 seven. You should not feel bad about what happened to you. He's a professional. And that was kind of, I was lucky in the sense that that day that was the kind of words I was getting instead of getting what I got later that, oh, it's your fault what happened to you when we have a perpetrator and a clearly big criminal here. Like, and I got to know later on that he had already been in jail in Finland for the same thing, different name, but the same things. And he shouldn't even have been in Europe. It's sad because you thought that you would be protected. But this has really shown me that we need to be much more vigilant that we are not being protected as much as you were thinking. I was kind of having a naive view that if you had been sentenced and you're not allowed to be in Europe, you're not allowed to be in Europe, you know, but he was traveling a lot and some victims are might be vulnerable, have might be in other situations. I've had just good relationships. All the men that I've been in relationships have been the best. I hadn't been cheated on. I had never had anyone lying to me, you know, I've always been very fortunate. So I think as well, I was a good candidate for Simon to know, okay, this girl, she will fall quickly and she will fall and she will trust the nth degree, which I did. So you had the security agents who are quite nice to you on the day, but then of course you had follow up with the banks and the legal system where you didn't have such a good experience. I think that's the hardest part of being a fraud victim is what comes afterwards. So I had to file it in two countries because most of my debt was in Norway. So I went first to Norway to report it and that was the most horrendous experience. I had to bring my mom there because I was so down mentally, took maybe one and a half hour and then they dropped it off to three weeks. Even though he had been in Norway, there was stuff that they could have helped out with. And then I reported it in London. He sent me some death threats after I started kind of snooping around because you did because you met so many people. I met friends of him in Netherlands as well. I was like, who were they? You know, were they in on it? So when he got news of that, he was not really happy. I think when I then went to London, this is six years ago, the police did not understand what Romans fraud was, what I had endured personally. You know, you look at it as, oh, you lost some money. Tough luck. And since I'd sent in some fake documents to the banks that I didn't know what was fake at the time, they decided to make me a suspect almost a year later. I had to go into questioning as a suspect, which was horrendous if you can imagine how that was. And then later on, all very year later, they dropped my case against Simon, but dropped their case against me as well. So it took two years, if you can imagine, I would have to say two years where I was not viewed as a victim from professional sense. I have gotten an apology from the police in London for now, because I made an official complaint. So they said that this would not have happened now. The six years ago, things were very different. But I said, I just want just to learn from this, that this is not how you treat a fraud victim. Yes, it's a complicated case. You can still have empathy along the way. And it was very clearly lack of empathy towards me and what I was enduring. Because while I was as well a suspect with the police, I was taken to court by four banks in Norway, because I couldn't pay the loans I had taken up. So in the summer of 2019, I was got slapped with a lawsuit. And in Norway, you don't get any free legal help. So I had sold my apartment, so I had to use that money too. So I got legal help. But that was as well used against me at court. So I had to go through two rounds where I was called naive, gullible, just wanted a rich boyfriend. But as well, when it came to the uptake of the loans, I was cunning as well. And it was just like how they were portraying me was just really, really like total dismantling of my character. And I felt like you're forgetting that we have a clear perpetrator here still going around the fronting people. But here we are pointing the finger at me. And I think that's what they want. Like I'm always saying by blaming victims of fraud, do we fall for the corner ourselves? And I say yes, because I'm a living proof that by them pointing the finger at me, you done exactly what Simon Levois wanted you to do. It's the reason why he used my name. It's the reason why he wanted me to speak to the banks. There's nothing in his name. Everything is in my name. 40% of all crime is fraud, but only 1% of police sources is allocated to fight it. When you think about the intricacy of romance fraud then, how little is being used to tackle it? And I'm thinking about international collaboration here as well. With our case, it was nothing, nothing. But we see that they can do it. They do it in drugs. They do it in human trafficking. And I think with my case, it was proven that the minute he jumped from country to country, from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, no one could catch him. It was almost like it's impossible to collaborate. But I think again, it's the lack of resourcing here, lack of education. The police aren't equipped to deal with this or how it's been viewed as purely financial. It's not a financial act. It's a human act. It feels to me like there's a bit of a gender angle here. Like it's so difficult to prosecute rape and domestic violence and things like that. And this feels like part of that. It feels like such a huge struggle for women to be heard. How people are viewing this crime is just so wrong because it's not a women crime. This is not a gendered crime. We have stats from Lloyd's last year that reported to them was 53% men. But because women are the ones speaking up in different ways, the reports are skewed. Everything is skewed. Everyone thinks that this is old women, vulnerable, sitting at home, knitting type of crime. But it's not. Everyone is a victim of this because all of us want love. And we are vulnerable when we're seeking love. But I think there's a lot of men suffering in silence. And I've been at even cyber crime events where people are laughing at it. It was an ethical hacker that had done a speaking. And at the end of it, he came up with a joke because a lot of times, Roman's fraud is the joke of the town, you know, like, ha, ha, how stupid are they? And he said if he was going to get money, the quickest was to pretend to be a young, beautiful woman on Tinder and get an old guy. And people in the audience were laughing because a lot of times he's always an evil woman at the back end. For him, it was an evil woman. And then when we got to fraud by men, we're still evil women and we're gold diggers. It's still that narrative kind of that, especially from a young women's perspective. That is super gender. And then I totally agree with you. And one of the reasons why this crime isn't being taken as seriously, you know, that shame and that stigma that men would have coming forward, at least for us women, we would have kind of more of the support from our friends from, you know, a loving perspective. Because I have that so much. Happy you're doing this for women. It's amazing. Yes. I'm doing it from a women perspective that been treated horribly in the sense that you're a woman and you're being very judged based on how you look or, you know, just for being a woman. But this crime is not gendered. Everyone can be a victim of this. And I think that is what I'm really passionate about. I want to get on to love, sir, to this lovely NGO of yours. And what was the moment when you were like, yes, I'm going to do this and what was the enabling factor? So I started off talking to tons of other NGOs looking at what they were struggling with, got a lot of information. So after the tennis window blew up back in 2022, I did a webinar and then I met this amazing woman called Anna Rowe, and she has several social media called Catch the Catfish. And I was like, this woman is incredible. Her thoughts, you know, ambitions, what she was doing is so aligned with what I want to do. Like she's helping victims on a daily basis. And her ambition of what she wanted in the future was to make it bigger, help even more people, be a support center, but change things as well. We have a lot of support. OK, we're here for the victims, but we want fewer victims or we want more victims to be taken care of properly. So I was like, I wanted to be a think tank as well, that will actually do more of the research that we need. There are no numbers, for example, on suicides, on foreclosures, on sick leave. What is this costing society? We don't have any numbers. So it's super difficult to talk about something or get anyone to take action, get politicians to take actions, social media companies to take actions. So that is what that was. So we instantly connected and we were thinking, OK, let's create something that will make an impact. And that's when LoveSed was born a year ago. And we've been working throughout the last year, business plans, doing several talks around the UK, where we have been talking to banks, police forces, which has been amazing to see that they're changing, that they see victims as resources, that we have something to come with. LoveSed can provide the training on how to speak to fraud victims, how to treat them. But I think what will be the heart and soul of the organization is the support center, that people know that they will come to us with no judgment. Justice will look different for everyone. Some people will have their cases dismissed, but at least they have the mental health support that we will provide, that they can get back on their feet, they can get their lives back. It's money, you know, and we can heal as people. And we have so many people coming to us that we're helping already, saying, it's just so nice knowing that you're here, that you're responding. And then police forces as well. It would be so nice for us to know that you're there, that we can send people to you, that we know that they will kind of be there for us. And that is specifically for romance fraud. Can you tell me a little bit more about what you offered to the victim? Yeah, when they come to us, it's always one-on-one, first of all, because we are working on making a digital step-by-step guide so they will get help in their situation. But right now, they send in a message to us, we come back to them, we ask, you know, where in the world, what kind of fraud did they take up loans? And then it's both kind of safeguarding them. A lot of the times, these people find them again and they might try to recover their money and might get scammed again. So it's both the practical help on actually how to report it. A lot of the times, that is not as easy and people are in trauma, they don't know what to say, they don't know what is important, what is not important. Reporting to banks is to educate them with, as I said, with the research that has already been done and what happened to them, so they can get healing from that. We have a peer support group every month now, so the victims can meet each other, that we are guiding them through different things and in the future, we would love to have different experts coming in, talking about money, financial. So it's actually just helping them through their journey. We maybe helped like 6,000 in total, like one-on-one throughout the years. We help family and friends as well, we have sometimes them coming to us. We see a lot of it actually, family who are seeing either their mom, dad, sister, who are in difficulties that they're being scammed, they refuse to believe, because if you go to a fraud victim and you know the stigma around that you're stupid, if you get the fraud, you're being defrauded, your guard is up. If you take them on a journey, the five-wise, I call it, if you can't explain it in five ways, it's not a good idea, because if you stop being able to explain it on the third one, it's a bad idea. If you don't know enough about your partner or why he needs the money that you can't explain it, bad idea. So you're taking the victim on the journey themselves, because us themselves or they themselves need to realize it. So it's kind of just giving them the tools, and sometimes it's just like putting that little doubt in their mind, you know? And in the end, they might come back a week later, two weeks later. This is the long game. This is why banks sometimes are not the best people to approach someone that they think is being defrauded, because they don't have the time. Remember when the first bank blocked my card, they said, we know you're not the one using your card, and I knew I've done something wrong by giving you my card, you know? Not supposed to do that. So I was so scared, because it was so accusatory, and so I felt that I was going to be in trouble. That is not how you do it. If you knew then, I was using my card, and most likely I was being defrauded. Why didn't you contact police? It was a lot of money, it was £68,000 in three weeks. Why didn't you reach out to me again, kind of in a more like, is everything okay with you? Are you going through stress? There's several things you could do. So I think love set is kind of like an extended arm of this, and we really want to be in addition to what the banks are already doing. We know they're doing a lot of great work, but they don't have the time. Cecilia Fjellheim was talking to Anna-Bruce Lockhart. Wouldn't it be nice to think that romance fraud is rare, that it couldn't happen to you or your loved ones? Unfortunately, that is not the case. As you'll hear now from Sean Doyle, an expert on cybercrime at the World Economic Forum. Sean Doyle, I'm lead for the Cybercrime Atlas at the World Economic Forum. So Sean, a Cecilia story is a fascinating one, quite disturbing in many ways, but is it really cybercrime? How does it relate to the work you do at the World Economic Forum? So it's a very good example of cybercrime. It's playing on a very basic human need, but the need to be loved has been around as long as people have been here, and the habit that people have of trying to trick each other has been going for just as long. I think what's different and why is romance fraud changed is that cyber-enabled fraud allows us to do these things at scale. Cecilia is one example of a very, very large group of victims. This really is a very old form of fraud. What's changed is that the internet allows us to do this at scale and across countries. So very often these scammers are not sitting in the same country as the victim. That allows them to go after multiple victims at the same time. Now, to give you an idea of just how profitable this is for organized criminal gangs, they've started seeking out cyber experts by tricking them into coming to a good job, let's say moving from Brazil to Vietnam with an option to work in IT, and then enslaving them to work on cyber fraud farms. So this is very much something that's enabled by the internet. And when we think about cybersecurity, I think you've got to think, why do we have cybersecurity? It's in order to protect us from cybercriminals. And in this sense, what we're seeing with these romance frauds, it's a good example of the type of behavior we see by cybercriminals in relation to frauds they undertake against companies in the manner in which they identify and then take money away from victims. So yeah, this is very much a cyber-enabled fraud. Cecilia makes the point that probably there's lots of this stuff that's under-reported, probably because people are ashamed or embarrassed. It's so personal, isn't it? I mean, it's amazing her story, which might be extraordinary because it involves private jets and apparently a cast of characters that she met in real life. There's probably a lot of more low-level, perhaps, stuff that doesn't involve a private jet and a cast of characters. But as you say, maybe an actual human being who is not who they say they are, who is employed by a criminal gang, do we really know how widespread this kind of criminal industry is? Look, I can say this much. It is enormous and it is global. The Global Scam Alliance has put out an estimate of, I think, $1 trillion in profits. We come back to recent incidents we've had of 220,000-plus people being recorded as being trafficked to work in cyber fraud farms. We can really say that that is probably the tip of the iceberg. We've seen a large number of arrests in countries like the Philippines, Thailand, India and across Europe where criminals who were not previously into cyber crime are getting involved in this simply because of the amount of money they can get out of it and the reach they have through the internet to get a very large number of victims. It's kind of a low-risk, high-return business model, maybe. At the moment, now, I would say there is some good news, particularly since December of last year, so over the last five or six months, we've seen that law enforcement is getting better at working within country, cooperating with law enforcement in other countries, which is absolutely necessary if the victim is sitting in Norway or the UK, as Cecilia was, but the criminal might be in a completely different part of the world. But they're also getting much better at taking advantage of the expertise in the private sector. So, to give a recent example, in the UK, what's called a cyber crime as a service group was taken down, a group that was simply providing the equivalent of software services that you get for a corporation, but aimed at criminals. It's called Lab Host was taken down. They had about 70,000 victims, and it took collaboration between 37 different sets of law enforcement in different countries to take them down. But actually, the lead that led them to them, the information that led the police to this group, came from a private sector alliance called the Cyber Defense Alliance, which is, I think, funded by financial services in the UK and aimed at exactly identifying who the criminals are that are going after victims, the infrastructure they're using, the IT they're using, and identifying ways of breaking that up. Yeah, so I was going to ask you, what should we do across the horizon of the stakeholders here? Companies, which would be banks, and we heard from Cecilia about how the banks are investigating authorities, police authorities, policymakers, and even individuals. Are there some other recommendations that the World Economic Forum is making? So starting with individuals, it's just to be very aware that this is always a possibility, that if you meet someone on the internet, even if you're talking to them for a very, very long time, and they will trust, we do have to be careful about who they are. So what I would say is, if somebody is offering you an investment opportunity, or for some reason, demanding cash and saying they really need us, really think twice unless you've met them in person and are very certain of who they are. What governments can do is think about building capacity to identify, stop and prosecute these kind of cyber-enabled frauds, which is easier said than done. That means looking at how they fund their police in their home country, but also how they interact with law enforcement across other countries, so whether bilaterally or via an international group like Interpol, so thinking about capacity building. But then an awful lot of the skills for identifying cybercrime sit in the private sector. The ability to identify and deal with the infrastructure being used by criminals. Their IT infrastructure sits with the private sector. So it's very important to identify ways of allowing government agencies to collaborate with the private sector, to share information on these criminals, but also allowing private sector members to work together, because what we've seen from the work done by the Cyber Defense Alliance, which is in the financial sector, but also by a forum hosted project called the Cybercrime Alliance, where we brought together cyber experts from a number of different sectors, is that when you bring experts from different areas together, they can create new forms of information on how these criminals operate, what they're using to operate, and help us kind of map out what they're doing and understand where we can cause the most pain and disruption for them. You talk about mapping out, do you run this thing called the Cybercrime Atlas Initiative? Could you tell us what that is? So the Cybercrime Atlas brings together experts from the forum's network of cybersecurity companies, IT companies, financial services, cryptocurrency, anybody who has a role in disrupting criminal activity online. We have support from about 25 companies and founded by Microsoft, PayPal, Santander and Fortinet. But what these groups are doing, we're getting investigators working just on open source research. So overcoming that barrier that companies have of sharing their own information or sharing personal information, what they're doing is saying, can they just using what's out there on the internet, build up something new and map out the activities of cybercriminals and how they go about doing their business with the aim of us being able to disrupt them more effectively. And that's an experiment. I'm glad to say that the first part has worked out very well. We are able to create new and valuable research on these criminal groups and it does have operational value. What we need to see in the forum then is how we go about scaling this so it can have greater global impact. Have you noticed any differences, any progress, kind of in the real world? Cecilia's story was a few years ago. She tells us about how she felt she was being blamed. Obviously she had been lured into doing some wrong things herself. But she says she was treated very badly and she could understand why people wouldn't report this kind of stuff for a number of reasons. Do you think things have improved since then, which was several years ago? So we're seeing improvements in a couple of areas. First of all, countries like the UK do have requirements that victims get some sort of restitution, some sort of their money back. That could be spread further. One reason why people might have hesitated to go to the police before is frankly because the police often weren't in a position to do much. So we're finding that the capabilities and capacity of police to identify and deal with cybercriminals is going up, but also their willingness to work with police agencies in other countries and the effectiveness of that. So we're seeing that people are more able to identify and stop cybercriminals, but also the speed of responses going up. And the police have become much better at identifying really where the most harm is being done. So you'll see in countries like Thailand, Philippines, India, over the last three, four months, there have been a lot of arrests of the criminals and they've identified where victims have been trafficked to work in cyber scam farms. And they're finding ways of releasing these people who have been trafficked and really for double victimization because they're victims of trafficking and they're being forced to commit crimes against other people. One thing that does need more emphasis is educating the public. So that people should have more protection. They should feel that if they've done something a little bit wrong or being tricked into doing something, that either makes them feel ashamed or that they're at risk, that they're given the kind of protections that allow them to go forward in confidence and report. So that's awareness raising and not just saying we're changing things, but showing how the victims are protected when they report crimes. And here's a question that probably gets asked in every single interview I've done over the last 18 months. Artificial intelligence, because you talk about thousands of people being trafficked to take part in this criminal activity, which is totally surprising to me. But I guess in the future, or maybe already, you can automate, you can create personalities that seem real. Is that something you're already seeing? Or is it something that could become a risk in the future? So first of all, it's hundreds of thousands being trafficked. That's how big the problem is. With regards to AI, look, we're seeing elements of it being used such as voice deep fakes and video deep fakes. And they're having a measure of success. I would say with things like gender to AI, what that has done is it's made the email campaigns much cheaper to run and much more effective. Whereas before, let's say, if you were sitting in an English-speaking country, you might get a message from someone that it looked very much like broken Russian and might make you suspicious as to whether or not this was something you should click on. If you didn't, that gen AI allows for criminal groups to send out messages that are convincing in lots more languages, lots more cheaply. But that's kind of the headline element. I would say that actually the uptake of AI by criminals has been incremental. We're not seeing enormous changes as of yet. But the issue is that those incremental changes over time, given a few years, could eventually have a big impact. The positive side of the story is that cyber defenders tend to be making better use and more effective use of AI than the criminals at the moment. But there's an imbalance in that, what we call the cyber equity gap in the World Economic Forum, centre for cybersecurity, that over time, countries that have more funding and companies that have more funding are doing better at their cybersecurity. But actually, it's not a case of that the smaller ones are just standing still while the others take away. They're going a bit backwards because there's a lack of skilled professionals in cybersecurity. And in the legal world, these move towards the larger companies where they can get more money. And you'll see that the criminals are responding to that skills deficit by trafficking people and tricking them into work. So all of those coming together. AI is not yet a game changer for criminals. It is having an impact. But over a period of years, it could really seriously change things in criminals favour if we are not careful. Sean Doyle of the World Economic Forum, centre for cybersecurity. You can find out more about the cyber crime Atlas initiative on our website. Links in the show notes. In this episode, you also heard Cecilia Fjellhoj from the Netflix documentary, The Tinder Swindler. Her organisation is called Love Said. Please subscribe to Radio Davos wherever you get your podcasts. And please leave us a rating or review and join the conversation about podcasts on the World Economic Forum podcast club on Facebook. This episode of Radio Davos was written and presented by me. Robin Pomoroy was reporting by Anna Bruce Lockhart and editing by Jerry Johansson. Studio production by Tass Kellacher. We'll be back next week. But for now, thanks to you for listening and goodbye.