 The number of encounters at the southern border is very high, but it's very, very important. Number one, to contextualize it, and number two, to explain it. From a context perspective, the world is seeing the greatest level of displacement since at least World War II. I think the recent report was that there are 73 million displaced people in the United States. The challenge of migration is not exclusive to the southern border, nor to the western hemisphere. It is global. When I speak to partners across the Atlantic, it's the first issue that they raise, the first challenge that they discuss. What is the reason for that? Well, one has the customary reasons of displacement. Violence, insecurity, poverty, corruption, authoritarian regimes, now increasingly extreme weather events that propel people to leave. Why are we experiencing what we are? It is for those very reasons why people leave their countries of origin. We also remember in our hemisphere, we overcame COVID more rapidly than any other country. We had in a post-COVID world 11 million jobs to fill. We are a country of choice as a destination. One takes those two forces, and then one considers the fact that we have an immigration system that is broken fundamentally, and we have a level of encounter that we do. When we speak of a broken system, let me just capture that as succinctly as I can. The average time between encounter and the point of final adjudication of an asylum claim is seven plus years. Only 70% of the people who meet an initial threshold for asylum, the credible fear standard, about 70% qualify. So they stay for seven plus years, and the ultimate adjudication, about 20% qualify. That's quite a disparity, but people in the meantime leave, are able to stay, sometimes have children, U.S. citizen children, attend our schools, attend our places of worship. I understand, but why wouldn't somebody who is coming in illegally always say they are seeking political asylum? Because based on what you just said, they are likely to be here for seven years. Why not just say, I'm not smuggling drugs, I'm just a political asylum seeker? Why doesn't everybody do that? Let's separate drug smuggling from migration. The fact of the matter is that we have an extraordinary number of people claiming asylum, and a greatly reduced number of people qualifying for it. The reality is that people do claim asylum when in fact they are fleeing poverty, generalized violence, and that does not an asylum case make, but the initial threshold for an asylum case is low and purposely low. And one of the things that the bipartisan legislation would have done is would have raised the