 America's biggest retailer is holding onto its recent momentum. Walmart reported stronger than expected. First quarter revenue and same store sales results driven by a big jump in e-commerce sales and more visits to its giant super centers. The company benefiting from gaining market share as consumers seek convenience and here to tell us more about the consumer we've got Yahoo Finances, Rochelle Ocufo, Rochelle we got to dive into this. What did you see? I mean 22% my goodness on the e-commerce side there. I'm telling you this is why Walmart is keeping its crown as the largest retailer. You're seeing consumers continuing to bargain hunt and it's happening across all income levels. Comparable sales in the US rose 3.8%. Transactions also grew 3.8% for the quarter but the average ticket was flat so you're having more transactions here but not necessarily at a higher level. So Walmart CFO John D. Rainey joined Yahoo Finance this morning with how he sees the consumer story. Take a listen. The consumer has been relatively consistent. We are like everyone else is looking for if there's something there, something that we should be more aware of but they've been pretty consistent quarter to quarter here. We see that wallets are still stretched, they're still looking for value, they're still using discretion with buying those higher income items. What's interesting, these higher income earners who sought some of these bargains during peak inflation they've been sticking with Walmart making up the quote the largest cohort behind share gains in nearly every category. For shoppers who prefer to buy in bulk including small businesses not just people who show up to buy a canoe from say Sam's Club. Now that's a Walmart subsidiary of Walmart. That was also a standout. We saw comparable sales 4.4% higher which also added grocery market share and added boost and boosted Walmart's overall comp sales data. Investors did have an inkling especially if you look at some of the data compiled from seeking alpha which showed that Walmart was the least shorted consumer staple stock in the S&P 500 for April. Clearly there are a lot of people seeing this continuing flocking of bargain hunters but when you think of Walmart shoppers you think perhaps it's just people looking for a bargain but it's across all income levels here Brad. I mean absolutely and they've got some great golf shorts for 13 bucks as well so you can't argue with that. What can we take away from this report about where consumers are headed next in the sentiment? Well obviously when you look at Walmart, Walmart is considered a bellwether because it covers a bit of everything. It's logistics at shopping but it really comes down to meeting consumers where they are right now financially and physically and so Placer.ai uses data on things like foot traffic, transactions, digital shopping behavior which of course you mentioned e-commerce as well as the demographics of consumers to help retailers figure out the trends ahead, where to find these consumers and how they're shopping. And it's interesting because Walmart dominates there too. So Placer.ai is finding that the Walmart banner receives over 60% of all visits to Target, Walmart, Costco, Sam's Club and BJ's especially in the south where Walmart's super stores relative visits share tops 70%. There are plenty of other states and areas where Walmart isn't dominating as heavily so some potential for more expansion for Walmart or potentially more competition as rivals see some openings there. Another interesting angle that we're seeing from Walmart and some of these specific brands that you do have to dig into because there is a lot of nuance here. Stronger sales growth in international markets than in North America where you are still seeing that inflation story play out there. So certainly some opportunities to be had might have to look overseas as well for some of those deals.