 Your or equities reporter, you've been tracking the details of these IPOs, quite a flurry of them in recent weeks. What are the details on this latest one and when's it going to go public? It's a flurry of the Lizzie. So just looking at the key hospital, which is said to be the biggest listing in the kingdom so far, they got demand of $91 billion for their listing, making them oversubscribed by 199 times. So really just massive demand from investors in Saudi Arabia and internationally for this company and generally new companies and specifically new sectors or rather sectors that don't make up too much of the benchmark to double all share index. Fakir and the family or set to raise about $763 million from this listing. And we do know that the retail investor, retail investors can subscribe to the offering from May 21. So we will get the listing date sometime close to that date, but we're still just watching out for this company that was at the top end of the range of just highlighting how demand continues to be incredibly strong. Saudi Arabia with the CEO of the stock exchange over there telling Bloomberg to be just last week that they have more than 10 companies in the pipeline just in the near future alone. OK. And what are the listings that are you watching in the kingdom? Absolutely. So one of those is actually going to be Rasaan, which is an information technology company. And that's what makes it quite interesting because that will be one of the first fintech companies to trade or go public in Saudi Arabia. So they are currently in bookbuilding process and for institutional investors that ended yesterday, the price ranges between 35 reals to 37 reals. And there are more listings on the horizon. One of them is NAPCO. Bloomberg did report that Saudi Arabia sovereign wealth fund provided banks to pitch for this planned IPO of the kingdom's largest medical procurement firm. Rothschild will be advising the PIF on an up close potential listing and details on the size and the timings are not yet finalized. But people familiar with the matter have told Bloomberg that it could raise less than one billion dollars.