 So let's start with the CPI numbers. You saw what the markets have made out of it. They liked it a lot because they thought maybe inflation is coming down. What did you make out of those numbers. So the worst fears were laid. I mean it was it wasn't that far from expectations. You know the markets can tend to parse a couple of hundreds of basis point through our basis point to determine like it's better or worse. There were some things that were that were better there that were encouraging including you start to see some of the transportation services come down rents sort of come down a bit. So there's some encouraging things. It was pretty much on expectation. But there was a fear because we've had three months in a row of high numbers that maybe were moving to a more normal more stable environment. And by the way it was contiguous to retail sales that were softer. Some of what you've seen play out in these earnings reports is definitely some consumer pullback. So the combination of it was and PPI not being that bad some stability. And then gosh you're seeing some softness show up that you've got a Federal Reserve that already raised the bar of hiking rates. But now you can you can start to think can you get a cut or two done this year. And I think that emboldened that thesis. So as the media have a tendency to look at a number. How much is up or down. There are a lot of things under that number. I trust one thing I've been curious about goods versus services because there's a different trend there on inflation from the Fed's point of view. Do they need both goods and services to come down because the one is coming down the other not so fast. So it's pretty remarkable. You know we're moving to a service oriented economy. More money is being spent on services. But it's actually what's happening because goods prices have come down so much. It's allowing for disposable income to go into services that's actually buoying prices and services ironically. You know I've said this over time and I've used a bunch of examples like a price of a pair of tennis shoes is what it was 20 years ago. If you go to a tennis match it's double what it used to be. So meaning services goods come down service thing about an auto price of autos on relative basis. So what's happening for the Fed. Listen you want to get the average you want to get inflation down to around the 2 percent number. Their mandate is price stability is not to if you're running two and a half you know core PC is now two eight but it's pretty stable. We think it'll be pretty stable throughout the year. If you've got a good economy nominal GDP. So if you take two weight of inflation you get you get real GDP of two. You got nominal GDP of four and a half to five. Pretty good. I mean it's a pretty good environment. You know people get horrified. We've got to get two eight down to two five. As long as your price stable employing a lot of people growing the size of the workforce and moderating a little bit on the gross side. It's pretty good. Some people have been surprised I think that the economy has not reacted faster to 500 basis points in interest rate increases. Some of that is because you can term out the debt. Some people do. And one of the things that we've seen recently is a difference for households because they own their mortgage which is a longer term thing and the shorter term debt such as credit cards and auto payments. So I'm not certain that raising interest rates actually brings down inflation. In fact I would lay out an argument that actually if you cut interest rates you'd bring down inflation. Why is that exactly to your point. Look at what's happening now. Interest expenses growing. As now eclipsed mortgage payments lower income who much higher percentage of their of their net worth is in the debt credit card student loans auto finance etc. What's happened is you've raised the rate and that has created a real impact. And so but what but the other side of it is you actually have an economy because of this massive transfer from the public sector from the government to the private sector. People are higher income middle to higher income are now getting a big benefit from these interest rates. And that's flowing into those are the people that spend an aggregate on services. So there's an ironic thing that I've never seen. Nobody's ever seen in history. Big transfer of money from the government into the private sector. The private sector now is a creditor versus a debtor in terms of the big pocket of wealth. It's what's what's happening. There was lower income. So there's a chart we show around. Look at restaurants. High end restaurants killing it. Low end restaurants or low income having a really tough time. You saw it in all the earnings in this last quarter. Really big deal today. And then the other side of it is not as lower income getting hurt. Not only a small business getting hurt local banks getting hurt in part. Well I think they need to bring the rate down. But you look at companies today. Normally when you raise the interest rate companies you know pull back companies term their debt out because we went through not only a transfer of money from the from the government to the private sector. We kept interest rates down for so long. 70 percent of the high market term their debt out when the funds were it was under one. They have no debt coming. They have no real maturity wall. So think about what the interest rate does. You raise it doesn't really matter for companies. In fact companies are sitting on a lot of cash. So they're actually getting the benefit of higher rates. So point being I think the Federal Reserve can get that rate down from five and three days. Even if you got it to four four and a half still restrictive relative to a two eight core P.C. And I just am not it's not clear to me you've raised raised five hundred basis points. Does it really impact inflation. And I would argue at a certain level it actually maybe is actually helping keep inflation high in a because we've never seen this in history because of those other influences. So you think it's possible if they cut rates it actually might deter inflation rather than this around. By the way I'll throw one other thing. There's been an aging of the population that we've never seen before and a wealth creation at the higher end. It's actually if you break down the demographic today. There's been a incredible growth of the savings and the spending at all from older people at fifty five and above. It's fascinating. What's happening. By the way if you keep the real rate high huge benefit to those people their turn around spending. So why is inflation high in things like health insurance. Why is inflation high in a in number of these service sectors auto insurance etc. They're sticky. They're unresponsive interest rates and people are spending older people middle to high income are spending and are keeping that service level inflation at high levels.