 Good morning from our global headquarters in New York. I'm Manus Cranny. Welcome to Bloomberg Brief. Let's set your agenda. The bull run hits a pause as more Fed officials call for patience on rate cuts. China gives its alien property sector a boost as new data points to a lopsided economic recovery and two A.I. deals. Reddit rises on a partnership with Open AI. Snowflakes is in talks to buy the startup RECA AI for one billion dollars. We do like a billion dollar deal on a Friday morning. It's not going to exactly rock the tech sector completely. You've had four weeks of gains if we can put green on this touchstone this morning. The S&P 500 of the closer business you're up one point four percent on the week. We've relinquished a little bit of gains because you've got this tryptical voices at the Fed talking about caution waiting reinforcing the data. They want to see a little bit more sustenance in the disinflation narrative. Mester Williams Barkin. So in terms of the equity markets you keep an eye on Reddit up 11 percent. They're partnering with Open AI. You're going to see more and more and more of these strategic combinations for Open AI were to deploy our models how to monetize. Reddit up 12 point six six percent. Richman where's your watch. What watch are you wearing. We'll talk about the price of watches and which are resilient. Cartier is perhaps a little bit more resilient than your Rolex. You didn't know that. But if you looked at the Bloomberg Sub dial index you would Richman was up. They got a new CEO. We'll talk about that in just a moment. Hard luxury in watches is resilient but it's pricing privilege rather than power. Iron ore is up. I thought we'd just give you a little bit of a window into the soul of what's going on in commodities in China. We've talked about copper this week. But iron ore is up because of the China policies in part trying to clean up that housing mess housing mess lowering the mortgage floor. We'll talk more about that. Nickel is lit up like Christmas tree. But that is because you have unrest in New Caledonia. What does that mean to the constriction of supply. So that is your triptych as well as a triptych of Fed voices. Now what are we talking about in China. It's an attempt an attempt to boost the housing market. China has unveiled a rescue package. It eases the mortgage rules. It encourages local governments to buy up the unsold homes at affordable prices. Will it work. One lady that potentially has that answer for us is Jill DeCise. She joins me now. How significant are this set of announcements Jill to cleaning up the excess supply that's out there in China. Good morning. Good morning. Manus. Yeah. I think at this point this is really kind of the strongest measures yet. I'd say that China has really taken to sort of shore up the property market. I mean you know you alluded to some of those changes to those down payment ratios. We're talking cutting the minimum down payment ratio to 15 percent for first time buyers. I believe that's the lowest in you know more than a decade. You're also looking at cutting the second homes 20 to 25 percent. And then you're effectively scrapping the nationwide mortgage interest rate. So ultimately manus what all of this combines to tell us is that the government knows obviously that property continues to be a major strain on the economy. We've seen that bleed through into some of the numbers that we just got out of this big data release earlier today. We know that you know consumption remains big drag on the economy. A lot of that has to do with a lot of the strain that's on the property sector. So you combine those measures that they're taking now with some additional measures where they're trying to encourage local authorities to buy up housing from distressed developers make that more affordable to people trying to really stimulate demand there. All of this combines to just these increasingly aggressive measures that the government is taking to try to put a floor underneath this property crisis. Because I mean look even the most recent measures that we've had prior to some of today's announcements are telling us that you know we're still not seeing kind of a bottom within this market. I mean we just had some April data on home prices that wasn't particularly positive. So you know maybe this is what that next more aggressive step is needed to try again to put a floor under this issue. OK. Well I mean look at it has been a significant issue in the creation of wealth the emboldening of the middle class and that takes us nicely to the spending domestically and traveling. We've had COVID but about the domestic spending retail sales are hardly what you call on fire. And then I look at the industrial production. I got the industrial side of the engine is is firing not necessarily on all cylinders but the retail domestic demand side is perhaps a little bit less effusive isn't it. Yes man. What you're looking at there is signs that we've got a two speed recovery that there is this imbalance between supply and demand. So as you said we're still seeing a lot of those issues within the domestic demand. You know you pointed to those resale statistics I believe growth last month was 2.3 percent. That was pretty significantly lower than the above 3 percent growth that economists are really expecting here. We've also gotten some recent data kind of you know leads to the fact that the recent consumer price data that we got out of China really anemic there even if it's above zero. It's still not really showing us a lot of momentum. But then as you said on the manufacturing side you've got a little bit more momentum there with industrial output. Exports recently were pretty good as well. But of course man is remember the risk here is that China while you know some of that manufacturing data has been pretty strong. They're also dealing with a lot of trade tensions between you know Europe and the U.S. and China that are really going to complicate the picture there. I mean we just saw the Biden administration you know announced some raised tariffs on some Chinese products including electric vehicles. Maybe the U.S. is in a major market for those vehicles but really just tells us that at least when it comes to the West there's still a lot of those trade tensions that are driving the geopolitical landscape here. And if China's entire recovery is dependent on the manufacturing sector and what it can ultimately export that's a major issue. I mean just heard from Daniel Pinto with with Francine LaCouade there just minutes ago talking about the theater of those tariffs last week. It's not really about electric vehicles per say but it's about the next 18 months is going to be a serious escalation in that way. And of course the market turned up for the special bonds didn't they Jill. Five point five billion dollars worth of special bonds. I'm pretty well bid. Jill thank you very much. Jill DeCise on the China data. Alfonso Piccadillo is the macro compass he's been listening into this. What do you make of this policy cleanup in the Heisei market in China. The top line looks pretty substantial and looks as if it's a much heftier policy than we've seen in the past. Good morning Alfonso. What do you make. Good morning. Manus. I would say this is the first step that China is taking really in the right direction. And why is that. If you have something akin to an initial balance sheet recession where the value of your assets goes down. Equity prices go down. House prices go down. What you want to try and do there is backstop that. And in order to backstop that you actually need something akin to a fiscal transfer. And the idea that local governments in China can come in and really backstop the housing market is basically a targeted fiscal deficit exercise. Effectively you will have local governments coming in backstopping the decline in house prices and at the same time transferring capital to developers to workers to people who are seeing their unsold houses. And this is effectively a target fiscal stimulus that is a step in the right direction from China. Finally there. What does that mean for the overall macro picture. Oftentimes we spend months not really focused on China. Then suddenly somebody switches on the light bulb and suddenly it becomes a lot more relevant to us. How will it permeate. We're looking at tariffs last week escalating taxes. There's a Trump mark to comes back into the White House. That could potentially lead to escalatory tariffs again. When you look at China how do you look at it in terms of sustaining five percent growth and what that means the rest of the world. The property sector in China is vital to their growth engine because even the oxygen pink wants to move towards a more consumption based model. The reality is consumption as a percentage of GDP growth in China is amongst the lowest in the world. And instead if you look at the wealth percentage owned by Chinese people in the real estate market is very very high. Something like 70 percent of the balance sheet is concentrated in the housing market. So to achieve growth you need to stabilize the biggest asset class actually out there in the world which is the Chinese housing market. And I think that is necessary in order to try and even achieve this growth target that China has. Then there will be the tariff story later on which I think actually even if you see what Biden is doing here it doesn't need necessarily even depend on Trump being elected. It seems like it's more of a bipartisan thing in the U.S. to try and really put pressure on China when it comes to tariffs. Yeah. Well we certainly saw that with the Treasury Secretary also as well sitting down with Amri Hoarder and this week. More on that in a moment. Alfonso stay with us. We've got more work to do Alfonso Picatillo of macro compass. My guest this morning on the markets coming up your stories training on your Bloomberg timeline. This is what we got for you. China kicked off the issuance of this year's special sovereign bonds with a 30 year auction. It drew demand of three point nine times the amount on offer. Investors were expecting solid demand at the auction despite the recent headwinds against long term bonds including fears of oversupply and a central bank warnings that yields were too low. The special bonds are part of a government effort to revive the economy. The U.S. judge has ordered Jane Street to detail a secret Indian option strategy that the firm alleges to former traders took to the new jobs at Millennium Management. That's facing a deadline of next week to provide the specifics about the information it alleges was stolen. Millennium and two extra traders say there were no secrets and accused Jane Street of bringing vague claims in bad faith. The 13 F filing show Renaissance technology the quant fund found by the late Jim Simmons loaded up and shows an AMC and GameStop before the latest rally shows of both memestocks slumped yesterday but are now rising again in pre-market trade. This week swings charged short sellers but have been fairly muted compared to the fireworks of twenty twenty one and two ideas. Reddit is rising in part on a partnership with Open AI that will bring its content to chat GPT. The deal will also help the social media company add new artificial intelligence features to its forums separately. Snowflake is said to be in talks to buy the startup Wrecker AI for more than a billion bucks. We'll have more on those stories a little bit later with Tom McKenzie joining me to dig into the details. Later this hour we catch up with Swetha Ramachandran at Artemis Investment as Richemont delivers a new CEO and we'll delve into the earnings coming up. An exclusive interview from the Atlanta Fed president Rafael Bostic and Cleveland president Loretta Mester. That will be on Monday on your screens. But up next we'll have more for you on the Fed with Alfonso Piquetiello of the macro compass. Context matters on Bloomberg. Good morning. Incoming economic information indicates that it's going to take longer to gain that confidence. So holding our restrictive stance for longer is prudent at this point as we gain clarity about the path of inflation. There's the Cleveland Fed president Loretta Mester and a host of other voices joined her as well. Wasn't it. You Williams and Barkin all calling for this sense of patience and caution and wanting to see more sustained disinflation. My guess this morning is Alfonso Piquetiello of macro compass and he writes this proactively dovish Fed providing the market with a proverbial Fed put while nominal growth is still fine is the best possible outcome for risk markets. Alfonso good to have you still with me. So I mean we're in a sweet spot aren't we. We've had a lovely rally on equities bond yields have dropped were repricing rate cuts. So is it sort of like good night and sweet dreams. Goldilocks. I mean is that what you learn post CPI for the first take on risk. A new Fed put this back man. I mean it unfortunately is quite boring because it dampens volatility but this is actually the reason why markets are liking it right. If you look at cross asset volatility you have effects volatility very low equity volatility very low bond market volatility is still elevated but now that CPI numbers come a bit more back in line to that for PCE trending at about 3% and Powell has told you at the April press conference that he has quite the confidence that at the end of the day inflation is going to converge to two yet he's scared about a labor market weakening is proactively dovish at the first signs of weakness in the labor market. We all know that the power is going to come in and switch it's gear to a very very dovish stance. Well guess what nominal growth is still fine. And you have the Fed reserve telling you don't worry I have your back labor market weekends. I'm there for you. This is something I know of us the Fed put. So suddenly the German at Danny and I've talked about this before which is that there was the primary mandate which was to temper inflation tame inflation and really it still is verbally the number one goal. But suddenly the dual mandate becomes much more important. Yes. I mean if you look at the labor market you can't really blame Powell for being a bit worried about some of the weakness under the hood. Right. I mean for example let's take a look at the share of permanent job losers as the percentage of the total labor force. You know the share of permanent job losers is steadily increasing. Namely if you lose your job in the U.S. today it's quite hard to get one back three days soon. And so you go into that category of permanent job losers and every time that has happened in the past it has been a prelude to a higher and higher unemployment rate. You six bro the unemployment rate is already about seven and a half percent. And also the Kansas Fed labor market indicator which is a gauge of 24 labor market indicators is also weakening and suggests unemployment rate should be moving higher. So I guess probably is looking at these type of early indicators and getting a bit worried. Right. So he wants to make sure it doesn't ruin this 90 95 soft lending party which is going on in markets and markets love it. You know there is a fat put there is somebody effectively having your back. I'm always happy when I know that there's a backstop to the worst case scenario. So tell me this then I black rock with me yesterday. They want to be longer of the shorter end of the curve. They want to be long twos because they think the duration may retest five percent. You've just launched a new hedge fund. So I'm curious to know how you're going to deploy. Congratulations on that. So talk me through what one of the hedges is going to do. How are you going to deploy. You're going to deploy at the short end. You're going to buy two. So you worry that the tens will retest five. Talk us through the initiating trades of your hedge fund. Congratulations. Thanks man. It's a you know it's a pleasure and I'm proud to be able to launch my own macro fund. Look if I look at the bond market today what I see is that the market has completely given up on any odds of a recession. Right. You're getting an option something priced at about eight to 10 percent probability even in the UK even in Europe and also in the US of a recession of the next 12 months. Now it's not my base case but when the market gives away very compelling probabilities it's not a terrible idea to try and get in some of this convex exposure by options because later on in the next six to nine months you might have some wobbles out there in nominal growth and then you get handsomely paid through convexity through these options. So I tend to agree with Blackrock that the front end of the curve is where most of the convexity of the returns might come from bond markets. Obviously that as well comes with a bull steeping of the of the yield curve that everybody has been waiting for now for a couple of years I would say. What's the tail risk. Is it Bank of Japan raising more aggressively than we all presume to defend the yen or is it the ECB and the Bank of England out cutting the Fed. I'm trying to balance which is the which is the bigger interlocker for bond markets globally. Yeah. Another trade I really like here at Manus is to receive European interest rates and pay US interest rates. So basically to be more dovish on the ECB relative to the Federal Reserve. The bond market is now reprised basically the European Central Bank to unwind over the next two years. The same percentage of the previous hiking cycle as the Federal Reserve. But actually if you look at the European economy it's pretty clear that the fragilities that there are in the private sector and the exposure to higher interest rates in Europe are much higher. For example the European lending system. I mean corporates receive a lot of loans from banks while in the US corporates borrow mostly from capital markets and lending from banks in Europe is often based on floating rates. That means that means corporates in Europe are already feeling the pressure of higher interest rates because on variable rate loans they get the pass through from higher interest rates immediately. That might come as well with more weakness in the labor market in Europe. And in general the ECB tends to be more dovish than the Federal Reserve. When you offer the opportunity to buy European a European cutting cycle pretty much at the same level. So the US cutting cycle. I think that's a relative value opportunity looks good. OK. Alfonso thank you so much for being with us. We wish you well on raising the funds and getting out there amongst the fray of the hedge fund world. Alfonso Piccadillo of macro compass. Now we mentioned some of the metals and the miners at the start of the show and I think it's worth just reflecting on some of these prices because you have. Jeff Curry has been on TV this week and he's on odd lots again evangelizing about copper and the strength there in which still is comfortably above 10,000. But when you talk about China and the greening capex in China was 100 percent last year. It's 30 percent this year. So you are looking at a real momentum that nickel is up. Again we have unrest in the number three producer in the world in New Caledonia. How long will that endure. We're not sure. But it's up 5.7 percent. Also it's a key component in many industries. Iron ore up 1 percent as China goes for a cleanup on its hygiene industry. Metals are bid this morning right here on Bloomberg. Coming up on the show we're going to take a look at what else is making news headlines around the world. It's dawn in New York and we're flat lining on Spuse 53 18. The U.S. economy is chugging along pretty well. We've had good healthy markets for quite a while. There's a thousand things that can go wrong tomorrow. Right now everything's in pretty good shape. I think the chance of something going wrong is higher than people think. Where it'll be in six months. How much of that slow down we see in the bottom quartile. We have to watch the data very very carefully. Whatever the world is pricing it for a soft landing. I think it's probably half that. Right now we have a no landing. Honestly a 2 percent growth rate because you can't say it's a soft landing. There are a lot of inflationary forces in front of us that may keep it a little bit higher than people expect. But the Fed is doing the rate structure is having the impact they want. On the other hand the economy is kind of there and now we got to be careful we don't overshoot the other way. I think they are doing the right to be patient right now. A very good feast of CEOs bank CEOs this week on Bloomberg Jamie Diamond David Solomon and Brian Moynihan weighing in on the U.S. economy and Fed policy. And where do they choose to speak to. Bloomberg TV. It was the investment conferences in France this week. Time now for you from pages. This is what we got for you on Friday morning at New York Times. Let's kick it off there. NATO allies inching closer to sending troops into Ukraine to train the Ukrainian forces. And that's the critically important point. Now the move would draw the U.S. and European more directly into this war. Ukraine's manpower shortage has reached a critical point as Russia advances. Next up we've got Washington Post the Biden administration in 19 it will end new coal leasing in the Pyrtida River basin. Now this is a big step for the Biden administration. Pyrtida River basin produces nearly half of the coal here in the United States of America. And quick snapshot of Tesla. This is all about the shareholder votes. This is in the FT. It'd be like climbing mind Everest as it faces a number of shareholder votes relocating to Texas. Elon Musk's 56 billion dollar pay due. Tesla's annual general meeting is on June the 13th. We're going to kick into gear with Rishmo the Rishmo stock is rallying. We're going to talk about the new CEO and the results. From our global headquarters in New York and Manuskreni let's set your agenda. The bull run hits pause as Fed officials call for patience on rate cuts. China gives its alien property sector a boost as new data points to a lopsided economic recovery. And we have two ideas. Reddit rises on its partnership with Open AI. Snowflake says it's in talks to buy the stuff up. Wrecker AI for more than a billion dollars. Those nights have a billion dollar deal on a Friday morning. A very good morning. If you hadn't heard the message from the Fed it was reaffirmed three times by a triptych. Yes. You have messed with Williamson Barkham which is temperance weight were not there yet. S&P 500. I mean we've rallied by 1.4 percent this week. It's been a good week for risk four weeks of gains. If we manage to put some green on this screen by the close of business today you'll have four weeks of gains at well over 5 percent. Reddit is on the bid this morning as we have them partnering with Open AI and you're going to see a cacophony of these kind of bids and deals with Open AI. The stock is up 14 percent and change at the moment. We're going to talk about Richmore in just a moment whether you've got a Cartier on your wrist versus your Rolex which one retains value. And what is it that jewelry stands out in Richmore. We'll talk about that in a moment with Swetha. It's up 5.6% at the moment. Vix by the way is at the lowest so far this year. Tues have traveled lower this week by almost 13 basis points at one juncture. 478 is where we are. You want to be longer of the short end. We've just heard that from Alfonso Pecatello along with Black Rock. Yes. UBS say you will be at 385 on tenure paper by the end of the year. And then when it comes to sort of how do you manifest the China story. It is the iron ore. This is our the Chinese trying to clean up and create floors. We're going to talk about the iron ore in the housing market for them encouraging local governments to buy up the excess. Nickel is also been this morning. Bottom of your screen is up 5.3 percent. We have this disruption in output in New Caledonia. That is a world's number three producer of nickel. Indeed Macron cancelled his visit to Normandy to have an entire discussion with the French the French the French advisors on what to do there. So that's just an indication of what's going on in the market. And then we'll talk about the iron ore on the back of the Chinese story and nickel. Let's talk about the earnings. I mentioned it to you. Richmore is rallying as the luxury group posts a resilient fourth quarter sales and then nice and you see. So this is the performance as you can see over the past couple of days. So what's a Ramachandran joins me now. Fund manager Artemis investment management. So I thank you so much for joining me. In charge of Van Cleef. He comes with pedigree of turning that brand around and doubling the sales. Do you like the appointment. Yeah I think the fact that he's been at the Richmont Group for 24 years now and has led Van Cleef for over a decade speaks quite positively to the fact that this sort of there's a continuity element to this as well in terms of preserving what's special about Richmont's jewelry brands. But also it's interesting that the choice was Van Cleef appointee given that that's a much more of a brand relative to Cartier speaking to perhaps the latent potential in that brand where it could be a lot bigger than it is today as well. And I like how you talk about Richmont because you'd say it's a slow down not a meltdown. And indeed young Han the Rupert talks about his uncertainty of what's happening in China. We'll come to that in a moment. Now when you say it's a slow down and not a meltdown what is it that gives them perhaps that differentiation. I think this is the theme we've seen throughout this reporting season among the stronger players versus the weaker is that as we're going through this period of sector normalization which is growth coming back to its historical trend rate versus 20 25 percent that we've seen in 2021 2022. There are some companies that are better able to navigate that slow down than others. And those tend to be the ones that are pretty much the category leaders. This would be say LB's brands within the fashion and leather goods segment or Cartier and Van Cleef within jewelry in addition to some brands that are enjoying some very strong brand momentum such as Prada at the moment as well as Malkler. I was interested when I looked at the breakdown in your notes we've gone from watches being 55 double nickel of the of the Rishmo sales to 35 percent and yet we spent so much time talking about their hard luxury. When I look at the watches markets interesting. We were looking at the Bloomberg sub dial index. This is 50 of the most traded. That's at a three year low. But the House of Rishmo with their Cartier with their tank and their Santos is outperforming Rolex. And this is an interesting sort of differentiator again in terms of product and price point within the House of Rishmo. Yes. Exactly. And actually the watch segment which a lot of people have been quite fearful of came in much better than expected with sales only down one percent versus expectations that things might be worse. Of course we had watches of Switzerland report yesterday where they also pointed to a you know a less of a bad outcome for watches as well where the outlook appears to be turning a bit more benign now that that sort of crypto frenzy as well as revenge shopping the pandemic has died out and we're more to a normalized trend growth. One thing that caught my eye was the Japan and the America sales in this in this set of numbers from Rishmo. I mean Japan up 20 percent that we're looking for a bump of 12 percent and the America is up 5 percent. We were looking for an estimate of just over three and an eighth. Is the currency is the tourist driving into Japan. Something to do with the Japan number. Just talk me through how Japan shone so brightly in this set of numbers. Yeah. Absolutely. So tourist demand. I mean we can see the Japan numbers as a clear function of the weakness in Asia Pacific elsewhere which was down 12 percent. And that's really because a lot of that spend from China is being diverted by Chinese consumers is being diverted to Japan as Chinese consumers are now able to travel again. And also they're attracted by duty free shopping as well as the cheaper yen. The Americas I think is much more of a function of domestic demand which has actually accelerated the US consumer return very sharply after the pandemic to luxury then had a bit of a slowdown as the impact of inflation took its toll. And now there appears to be a reacceleration after a sort of six to 12 month digestion period. And I think Mr. Rupert called out on the call that there are new markets emerging in the US. Austin Charlotte cities that they didn't have a presence in where previously they were focused on the Western and Eastern coasts. Now that consumer in America is much more broad based. And that's going to come down to as you describe a price pricing as a privilege more than a power. Can you just elaborate on that. Because if I look at I mean Gucci is you know it's having a really really tough time. They just don't have pricing power. Hermes does. It has brand cash and pricing power that's manifest in the numbers. So where does Rishman stand in the capacity to have privilege more than power. Yeah I think this is a theme that's increasingly going to become important because in twenty twenty one twenty twenty two everyone took up pricing regardless of really whether their brands were strong enough to withstand that. And if there's anything luxury brands hate it's discounting because that destroys brand equity. So in a disinflationary period they're never going to. I mean they're very unlikely to bring absolute price levels down. They may adjust it through mix. So what we're going to see going forward is really a separation between the pricing halves. I.E. those with pricing privilege versus those without. And there are very few brands that have genuine pricing power which I call pricing privilege. And those would be brands that are pretty much the leaders in their categories. I think Cartier and Van Cleef are among them. But Rishman has always been much more tempered in its attitude towards price increases wanting to give the consumer good value which is also why I think it's able to. It has been able to withstand the slowdown much better than some of its competitors. And I think the pricing outlook this year will be much more muted. But that will be to the faith of the to the favor of the share gainers such as Cartier and Van Cleef. And who do you think is going to survive. Not survive. Who do you think is going to deliver the most robust performance in a let's say return disinflation environment which settles somewhere around two to three percent. Because the days of the days the sort of the inflation world that we lived in in the past 10 years is over. So we're in a much more sort of quasi constant state of inflation. Who's going to deliver the best in that world. Well the good thing about these companies is that they tend to genuinely generally be able to pass through pricing of low single digits every year which is enough to offset inflation. But I think the scale players have a much bigger advantage here. Those would be the likes of LV M.H. Hermes. I would count Rishman among them as well because their marketing budgets are substantial. If you look at LVMH's fashion and leather goods segment their marketing for that segment alone is the entire top line of Todd's and Farragamo put together. So I think those the mega brands will still be the winners in the world going forward. OK. So thank you so much for being with us this morning. Let's see how the new CEO gets on being in charge. Well we'll we'll you're Han Rupert let him let him drive the bus as he wants. That's going to be the interesting conundrum sweat. Thank you so much. Raman Chandran of Artemis Investment or Rishman and the luxury sector will pivot to tech. Reddit forges a partnership with Open AI bringing its content to chat. G.P.T. The details on the deal. That's next. Context matters on Bloomberg. It's your Friday edition of Bloomberg grief. I'm Manus Cranny in New York. So shares in Reddit. They're ramping up this morning pre-market as the company unveils a partnership with Open AI that will bring its content to chat. G.P.T. A deal made in heaven. Is it. Tom McKenzie is with me to talk me through the details. Symbiotic is the word that comes to mind. Mutually beneficial for one another. Who gets what in this deal Tom. Good morning. Yeah. Absolutely. Manus. It is a two way deal because of course Open AI gets that data that of course Reddit has described as very valuable in the past and the lead up to its IPO in March. Open AI gets the data from the Reddit social media platform and is able to train on that. We know there is a data deficit right now for these large language models. So that's helpful for chat. G.P.T. Of course the product that Open AI is behind. What Reddit gets is some of the use cases that some of those models and some of those top line software applications that are going to be built in now to the Reddit platform that have been designed and created by Open AI. So it is symbiotic. And of course the pitch that Reddit had made up until and then lead up to that March IPO was we have this valuable data. We can sign these licensing deals and that's going to bring in the revenue. And so far they've signed deals worth about 200 million. We don't know the value of this deal. A deal they struck with Google for example about 60 million. So they are living up to this. And as you said the share prices reacted. It's up what 65 percent since since the IPO. Interestingly Sam Altman of Open AI used to be the CEO of Reddit for a short time in 2014 and was one of the largest shareholders up until and leading up to that IPO. So these two companies know each other very well. Yeah. I think we're going to see a lot more of these deals. These relationships is my sense with open AI. And then we begin to understand the real monetization and then the power of the internet. Never far from a billion dollar deal. Are you snowflake is in talks to buy record. I mean why not. Let's shuffle a billion dollar deal on the table for a Friday morning. Talk me through the reasoning and the rationale for the deal. Tom. Yeah. Just a mere billion dollars. And the valuation part of this story is really really interesting. And I'll get to that shortly. So yes this is snowflake which of course is the data analytics in the cloud business. The stock is down about 17 percent year today by according to this report or at least in the process of doing a deal a billion dollars for Ray cut which makes these large language models and a lot of these applications. So the idea would be that they absorb this snowflake into their own business because this is a company snowflake that either gets disrupted by these AI models or has to adjust to it organically or by doing a deal like this. So we watch to see whether it closes the valuation part of this. Ray cut was stopped by the company the valuation part of this. Raker was started in 2022 valued at 300 million in 2023. And now it has this billion dollar price cap on it. According to this reporting we'll see if it closes. But again snowflake has to adjust and it seems like they're going to Raker and reaching out if this deal helps to close the gap then that could be consequential. OK Tom great work on Friday. Wish you well in London. Tom McKenzie that at rounding up the tech news for us. Let's stick with the AI theme. Remember Emily Chang spoke exclusively to the CEO of Salesforce about the future of technology and working with activist investors. I think I might be one of the few CEOs that actually really enjoyed working with these activists investors. I had never heard so many great new ideas in my career including such out of the box thinking. And look we're able to really transform and evolve Salesforce over the last year. And you can see it with our incredible financial results that we had last year and our you know our idea that we're able to continue to move forward with these incredible new characteristics of our company and our last earnings result we've been talked about that we've started to create a dividend. That's something that was beyond my imagination even just a few years ago. So it's exciting to be the number one CRM to help companies connect with their customers in a whole new way. Right now we're about to enter an incredible new world which is the world of artificial intelligence and how it's going to transform these customer relationships. And I think we're about to see some technology that we never thought we'd see in our lifetimes. We're going to see just some incredible new ways to run our businesses. Competition and CRM is fierce Mark. You've got service now trying to poach a bunch of Salesforce employees. I believe they stopped using Slack after you bought it. They're trying to build more of a consumer brand. They started their own Trailblazer program. Are they trying to pick a fight with you. Well they're they're an interesting company. You know I I just think they need to be careful. They might be getting a little ahead of their skis. We just replaced them at Disney. Of course we already had run Disney stores and Disney guides in the park and we had done a lot of things with Disney with their customer relationships. But I think everybody knows that when they went to have Disney Plus and wanted to have a call center and they chose that company well unfortunately Salesforce had to come in and rescue the entire operation and rebuild all of the customer success and call centers for Disney and which was at that point had been called out as a marquee customer there as well. Salesforce is actually a tremendous company that does real customer success and delivers solutions and sales service marketing for so many great companies around the world. Now obviously standardized at Disney but for so many other great organizations banks insurance company is all over the world. And I think we're we're doing pretty well on our own. Salesforce CEO Mark Benioff there in an exclusive conversation with Emily Chang. Let's turn our attention to Boeing never far from the headlines at the moment. The trouble of plain maker holds its annual general meeting. Now such gatherings are offering mundane affairs. The virtual session will be closely watched for any hints that the top executives provide on the state of affairs. Sid Phillips is with us now. Sid good to see you. Why is it gone to such a level of significance. I mean they're going to their hands are tied in terms of what they can say about a lot of issues a lot of legal issues. So why are we so focused on today. A morning. So essentially what's really important today is basically how Boeing navigate the next CEO change. I mean Dave Kallun the current CEO has said that he's stepping down at the end of the year and the new chairman Steve Molenkoff is has thought is running the CEO search process. And so everyone's looking for any signs of what the next CEO who the next year is going to be or what the characteristics Molenkoff looking for in that next year. What sort of state that process is at. And essentially all eyes are on what Boeing does going forward in terms of what leader chooses and how it gets out of the mess that it's been at the moment. And it is. It is in a mess. Where do you think the real wrinkle points will come. Is it going to be the appointment reappointment of directors. Is it going to be on remuneration power. Because shareholders institutional and retail will have some vexation with remuneration. Absolutely. I mean we've already seen a CalSTAS talk about how they are voting against the appointment of some directors including chairman Molenkoff. And we've seen others like the in the Florida authorities talking about how they will vote against CalToon's appointment. And both of them have said they're going to vote against the company's recommendation that they accept executive compensation. So it's really a very tricky process for them. And even if it's even if the motions go through as they normally expected to it will sort of show that shareholders and investors are quite concerned about how the company is going and they're expressing their discontent with Boeing. And what are the other issues that Boeing has got to deal with now. We've got an investigation. Their production is being artificially held back. But again it's about reassuring the regulators that their checking processes are fit for purpose. So what do you think the biggest issue is in the very very near term. So they've got a multi the graph pantheon of issues at the moment. They've got the issue with the SEC. The Bloomberg broke the other day. They've got where the SEC is in full swing. The other day they've got where the SEC is investigating whether the company made misleading statements in the aftermath of the January 5th door blowout and the subsequent sort of grounding subsequent grounding as well as the investigation. They also have they also have the latest issue with where they have four weeks to come up with the DOJ talking about scrapping the deferred prosecution agreement that they agreed in 2021. And they have 90 days to come up with a plan for the FAA. So they've got fires on multiple fronts and their production is constrained at the moment. The FAA has forbidden them from ramping up max production. They have a whole heath of whistleblower issues. And so yeah they've got multiple fires that they have to put out at the moment and the next year is in for a tough job. OK. Sid thank you very much. Let's see how the AGM goes. Sid Phillip will be tracking that story through the day. Coming up on the show we'll set you trading day this Friday. Context matters on Bloomberg. As you Friday edition of Bloomberg Brief I'm Manus Cranny in New York. Here's a look ahead for next week. More Fed speak Chris Waller and something Cisco Fred Fed president Mary Daly will speak Boeing holds a shareholder meeting later today. And on Sunday we've got the Fed chair Powell speaking at Georgetown Law commencement ceremony. Some stocks for you to watch. We touched on some of these but to crypto world coin basis rising. We have a report that the CME is in discussions to launch Bitcoin trading. You got Reddit. We touched on that forging that new partnership with Open AI and it will bring its contents to the chat bot chat GPT and other products. And then take two falls after the video game company gave week full year forecast after a night in highly anticipated Grand Theft Auto 6 won't come out until the fall of 2025. You're all going to have to wait until then. Look it's been a big week for bonds at one juncture. Ten year government bonds in the United States of America dropped by 18 basis points. We have paired that back somewhat. You've had temperance from a number of Fed speakers master Williams and Barkin cautioning. I'm wanting to see more sustainable disinflation. The market is ticking ever so slightly higher and UK gets again one narrative that has come through really strongly this week from all of our guess has been the proclivity for the ECB and the Bank of England to move more aggressively than the Fed. That is the state of play. We'll hand you over to Bloomberg surveillance and the team from the Bloomberg brief team. A very good morning.