 Good morning, happy Friday. This is Bloomberg Daybreak. Europe, I'm Tom McKenzie in London. These are the stories that set your agenda. China's lopsided recovery. Factory growth moves up a gear, but consumption unexpectedly slows. Chinese officials hold urgent talks to address the property crisis. Stocks retreat as traders reassess the path forward for interest rates, with more Fed officials warning lending costs will stay higher for longer. Plus J.B. Morgan, CEO Jamie Diamond tells Bloomberg he's still more worried about price pressures than markets appear to be, citing inflationary forces ahead. We bring you more from that interview. Let's check in on these markets then. On a day when on Wall Street there was a bit of a pullback. Yes, the Dow Jones briefly crossed above that 40,000 level for the first time. The S&P though coming back below that 2,300 level, a bit of a breather coming through for these markets that of course have worked so much to add those gains year to date. And again, pairing some of those gains by the end of the session yesterday. European futures pointing low by four tenths of a percent. Markets repricing then around the Fed once again from two cuts just a day or two ago to one cut right now. The Chinese data as well a concern arguably for the European markets, particularly when it comes to health of the Chinese consumer. European futures then pointing low by four tenths of a percent. FTSE 100 futures here in the UK pointing to losses of around two tenths of a percent. S&P futures currently flat after modest losses yesterday. NASDAQ futures 18,657 also flat. We've been hearing from Jamie Diamond on his views, everything from China to geopolitics to inflation. Take a listen. I think the surprise would be higher rates because inflation didn't go down. Then inflation has been stubborn maybe bounces up next year. I think inflation next year may be in the cards. May have nothing to do with what you're seeing today. So I mean that to me is the surprise. JP Morgan CEO Jamie Diamond of course on his views that maybe inflation is being still underpriced by these markets. Let's cross a look cross asset then as we see course you did see a bit of a movement in terms of yields edging higher on the 10 year yesterday. Today the 10 year is currently unchanged at 436 against Jamie Diamond saying that longer term the headwinds that could keep prices elevated remain structural changes particularly around things like renewable energies and the shifts to more military spending. Euro dollar by the way at 108. It is well schnavel of the ECB suggests that yes you may get a cut in June but don't bank on July as a cut not warranted at this point concerns about overreasing from the ECB being flammed by schnavel Brent eighty three dollars fifty three up three tenths of a percent and copper continues to grind higher 10 thousand four hundred and twenty nine on that industrial metal currently flat in the session but the gains continue to come through. Let's cross over to Asia now. A real Hong standing by in Singapore for a breakdown and it's a busy Friday for you. A real what's standing at you. Oh let me count. I think that's so many things that play here. First it was the fair narrative Tom and then we got China data. I mean Asia stocks were already in negative territory as the expectations of fair rate cuts were unwound. We saw those declines and then we got the China retail sales number that big missed despite industrial production accelerating. And so we're seeing this in Chinese equities the CSI 300 slipped into negative territory. The Hongsing initially was in the red and it has managed to eat out some gains. Now I think it speaks to how sentiment driven the Hong Kong markets have been off labor. Let's take a closer look at what else we're seeing from the board if we can. And it is really about the property sector. That's the heart of the issue related to the Chinese economy. And it wasn't just retail sales and industrial production numbers that we got. It was also home price data. And that was a deeper contraction than the previous month. And I think it speaks to how the fundamental issues they haven't been fixed and we have the likes of Morgan Stanley today downgrading the outlook for the real estate sector as they flag that. Hey these physical market issues they haven't been resolved. And we also have if you remember the reports about how we could get some of the excess inventory resolved that plan proposed might actually disappoint. So this is what we're seeing despite that we're seeing the Chinese stocks and bonds they've been climbing. It's really about the expectations of policy support for the board because I also wanted to take you through what we're seeing in China bonds because of course there has been a focus as we have the special bonds going on sale today. Those are the 30 years. And of course the idea here is to raise funds for government spending. It was a pretty solid auction four times the demand of what was on offer. But of course as we look at the currency moves the yen has been weakening. No thanks to China data but also the Japanese currency a bit of a double whammy for the Roman B. Tom. OK Avera Hong. Thank you very much indeed in Singapore with the check of course on the Asian markets with the read across course when we're thinking about when it comes to the Federal Reserve but also of course the China data more lines crossing right now. And Avera Hong was referencing these senior officials meeting in Beijing from some of the key regulators to address the property crisis. And here's the redhead crossing someone right now. China will be removing the mortgage rate floor for individual home buyers. The context is that in recent years up until two to three years ago Chinese officials have been in place restrictions on home buying because of the red hot what was once a red hot property market. Now they are undoing some of those restrictions and the latest move then is removing the mortgage rate floor for individual home buyers. There may be some stress on the banking sector as a result of this. But the idea is that you can see lower mortgage rates to encourage consumers and house buyers potential and prospective house buyers to go out there and buy up some of these houses. Of course and the prices continue to drop. We've seen that in the most recent data. We've also heard of course more recently that cities like Hong Joe have started to remove all curbs on property purchases. Let's get the details and the reaction. Jill Dees is standing by has been monitoring this for us. Jill walk us through what we've been hearing in terms of the response from senior officials in Beijing to try and finally put a floor under this property crisis. How potentially significant could these moves be. Yes. Tom I think you know obviously they could be significant here. We're still getting some details on what exactly this ultimately means. We're seeing they're lowering the minimum down payment ratio for first time buyers to 15 percent second time buyers to a little bit more. So at this point we'll ultimately see where that goes. But thanks for putting this in context. I mean this is all part of this broader package of that's up for discussion about what the government needs to do to ultimately put a floor under this at this point. Years long property crisis. Bloomberg obviously just reported a couple of days ago that there are additional measures that are under consideration to sort of help the housing market. Maybe that means you know state owned enterprises and local areas take out sort of state loans and buy up properties from distressed but developers turn that into affordable housing. That's something that we had reported maybe under discussion just a couple of days ago. So I think the totality here Tom is that it really does mean that there's just additional measures that they need to take to sort of put a floor under this property crisis as we were just discussing with this China data. I mean look this is as you said this is a two speed recovery right. Manufacturing is doing really well but look at domestic demand. It's still really really struggling and that's in large part because of the property crisis. Yeah the two are very much interlinked as you rightly say the squeeze and the softness and the property market and the linkages to the consumer. What does that tell us then Jill about the assessment now as to the policy response the support that many would argue is needed in form of some type of stimulus to support the consumer. Can we expect that to be stepped up. Well Tom I mean we're obviously talking right now about the potential for some of these additional property related measures. I think that that can be read as some form of support. But in terms of large scale stimulus it does still seem unlikely that you would see some type of massive package as you did about a decade or so ago. I think that at this point the government also wants to see how other types of measures that they've been taking sort of transmitted to the economy. We just had a couple of hours ago the beginning of a sale of these special ultra long government bonds to sort of fund infrastructure related projects and stuff like that. We just had the initial kicking off of that sale happened this morning. That's obviously going to be happening throughout the rest of the year. Again the idea being that that would primarily fund probably infrastructure related projects to really spur activity and growth within the economy. We'll see what also ultimately happens. Maybe that takes the form of additional rate cuts throughout the rest of the year. Something else to sort of spur demand because as we've been talking here Tom I mean you know demand continues to be an issue. It's not just the retail sales figures that were released today that were you know more depressed than what a lot of economists expect were expecting. It's also some you know fairly weak very anemic CPI numbers that just came out fairly recently. There's a lot here that you know continues to drag on that segment of the economy when it comes to the consumer. We'll have to see how that ultimately results in additional support from the government. Jill Jesus. Excellent context. Thank you very much indeed. And wrapping some of these red heads and breaking lines around this support that comes through from Beijing. We'll see how material that is. Jill. Thank you. A redhead also crossing the terminal. This is around process that of course is and houses much of the Internet assets of NASPA's and also has a significant stake of course in China's 10 cent which of course is the company behind many of the most popular games in China. It's the pipeline for those games but also the WeChat app as well the so-called Super App process naming a new CEO Fabrizio Bloyecy. Bloyecy. Fabrizio Bloyecy is going to be the new CEO of process from July the first replacing Irvin to who's been at the helm since September of 2023. So change at the top there. Irvin to stepping down. He's been at the helm the CEO of process since September of last year and a new CEO taking charge of a brief. So Bloyecy taking charge. We'll see how the stock reacts to that. Of course at the start of change at 8 AM UK time. Let's get to the geopolitics of China and Russia now pledging to intensify cooperation against what they call US containment. The two countries agree to greater coordination including between their militaries in opposition to Washington's quote destructive and hostile course. Speaking after he met with Vladimir Putin in Beijing President Xi also outlined his position on the war in Ukraine. China and Russia agreed that a political solution to the Ukraine crisis is the right direction. China's stance on this is consistent and clear. OK. Let's bring in at this point Bloomberg's Amir news director Ros Madison to get the latest and Ros we expect to get pictures. I think we're seeing pictures that we will do shortly of Putin speaking live in the northern city of Harbin not far from the Russian border symbolic as well. Give him the history and the linkages between Russian culture in that city. Of course that Chinese city talk to us about what we've been hearing in terms of Xi's views on the conflict in Ukraine and to what extent that aligns or not with Vladimir Putin. Well it's really important to see that the recognition again of that quite no limits friendship this week between China and Russia. That's been important for Vladimir Putin with his war in Ukraine because what China has done is they're not explicitly endorsed the war in Ukraine but they've not overtly criticised it either. They're taking that stance of it's your business. Just don't let it get too messy and too out of control. Don't draw us in too much. In a way some Chinese companies have benefited from the war in Ukraine because they're now the buyers of last resort for Russian economy. Russian commodities rather so they can negotiate good prices for themselves. So there are some wins potentially from China from this. But really the stance has been it's your business. Just don't draw us too much into it. But that's important for Vladimir Putin on the global stage. That sense of like some sort of Chinese backing especially against the US. Get this idea of Russia and China together countering the US countering the West being on Ukraine or other issues. The rhetorical support support the trade support the economic support of course from China coming through and being reiterated then in this meeting. We continue to see live pictures of the Russian president speaking there in Harbin. We'll monitor that for you. This also happening of course at a time. Many would describe as a pivotal moment potentially for the conflict on the ground in Ukraine. Russia making some significant gains. What is the latest on that front. Well they have been doing that offensive again in the Northeast and that's around that major city Hakeev. And it seems like it took Ukraine by surprise even though Russian troops had been massing in that border area for some weeks. But certainly they're making progress in some smaller towns and cities in the area. Can they take Hakeev likely at this point given their resources. However what they're doing is they're just stretching the Ukrainian resources. We know Ukraine's been suffering a lack of artillery ammunition manpower air defense and Russia's probing all the way along the front line at this point particularly in the Northeast to see how it can stretch those resources further and then how can it maximize. So certainly making some some progress around the Northeast that could extend South as well into Ukraine because ideally at some point Russia's priority probably is the Southeast. It wants to get further along the Black Sea area. A DASA being a main port in that area. So is this a drawing resources. Ukrainian resources to the North Northeast. Then Russia can come into the South. So certainly we're seeing signs of small breakthroughs along that entire front line. OK. And we're hearing as well as the lens he has been on the ground in Hakeev with his military commanders as well as of course they they address some of those concerns or look to address the probing by Russia. Ross Madison with the context of course. Thank you very much indeed in terms of the conflict on the ground Ukraine of course what we've been hearing from Putin and Xi Jinping. Coming up China announces new property measures. We're going to get the take from Juni from the Shanghai Advanced Institute of Finance and Advisor as well. Informal advisor to the PBOC plus Formula One World Champion Max Verstappen speaks to Bloomberg about growing the sport and the recent personnel changes at Red Bull Racing. We bring you that interview later in the show. This is Bloomberg. Welcome back. Happy Friday. Welcome back to Bloomberg Daybreak Europe. We had some really important lines crossing from China out of course of officials meeting in Beijing to try and address the property crisis there. Some of the most significant moves coming through to date to address the slowdown of course in the real estate market of China. And some of the lines now the detail China will be removing the floor on mortgage rates. It's also lowered the minimum down payment ratios for individual home buyers again being characterized as the most dramatic move drastic move so far to kind of shore up that property market. So they're cutting the down payment ratio for first time buyers to 15 percent and cutting it to 25 percent for second homes. This of course after property prices sales I should say fell the most in a decade and property prices continue to be squeezed in China as well. So how effective will these measures be. Very pleased to say that I'm joined right now by Juning professor of finance at Shanghai Advanced Institute of Finance and also an advisor to the PBOC at least an unofficial advisor to the PBOC and a number of other governing bodies in China. Professor thank you very much for joining us. Give us your reaction to these measures then. Is this going to be enough. Do you think in your opinion to put a floor under this property market. How substantial how significant do you think these measures will be. Well I think the first take is I think these are very helpful measures compared to the policy that we have been having in the past year or two. And I think it's also very important to a significant signal to the market that what the government is changing its tone or the priority of the policymaking. So from just leaving the real set to itself to I think it is trying to put in some off the floor to the property market. I think by lowering the interest rate or by allowing a greater portion of the housing prices to be paid through mortgage. This is really providing some incentive for the home buyers to consider the real estate market again. However I think for the moment I do not think that is sufficient to attract enough buyers to stabilize the market for two reasons. One is I think the housing market is still relatively sluggish especially given the high prices relative to the income or people's expectation of where their income will be. I think it's still quite expensive. I think the more important thing is over the past three years or so housing prices have been coming down not going up. And as we know about the bubble theory people tend to buy assets only when they see a great potential of making money not losing money. So as long as that explanation is not changing I do not think the softening of the lending requirements or the reduction of the mortgage rate will have a significant impact on how I mean how people in the households perceive the housing market in general. OK. That's really really interesting context. Professor the other key proposal that came through it is still a proposal that seems to be getting a bit more detail on it is a proposal for local governments to buy up excess inventory unsolved properties unsolved units for local governments to buy those up. How significant could that be. And to what extent is this shifting the debt load from the real estate companies to local governments and state-owned banks. I think this is a little bit similar to the bailing out of the financial institutions going through the great financial crisis. So in a way I think in those real estate developers are already very in a very dire situation. So without the government stepping in it is very likely that almost all the private real estate developers will will go into distress I think by the end of the year. So I think in a way it is probably an option that has to be taken for some kind of government credit to support the real estate real estate sector and real estate developer. That being said I think we're talking about trillions of dollars of trillions of R&B's worth of real estate on the market. So whether the local government will have enough resources to bail all those vacant or apartments to be finished I think that remains to be seen. There's another logistic challenge which is how do we make the distinction about whether you should buy up this project versus the other ones. There will be some rent seeking and there will be some moral hazard issues in the implementation of the policy. So in a way I think it is encouraging to see the local government is stepping in to stabilize the market. But I think in the end unless the central government is stepping in and extending its own credit to the real estate market it is a little difficult or a little too premature for us to to believe that we're out of the woods. I think there's still a lot of empty and unfinished projects on the market for the moment. OK. Really interesting. We also had had some significant economic data crossing today from China and the consumer seems to be still challenged and we can probably tie that to the real estate sector as well. Professor. There's an argument for some that China needs to shift from investment led growth to consumer led growth. Do you buy into that argument and now steps being taken to get to that point. Yes. I have been a very strong advocate for the transition from the investment driven to the to the consumption driven growth model in the past decade or so. I think real estate has been a very hindering factor in the past decade because real estate has been crowding out of the household consumption because there's so much money has been to buying the apartment and the service in the mortgage. Unfortunately I think we're seeing the flip side of the story with the softening in the housing market even though people probably do have more disposable income at the moment. They're also losing the confidence the confidence that their houses will be more expensive in the future than now or their jobs will be paying more than they did in the past. So I think we're talking about the transition but this is not an easy transition. I think for that the government has to be more committed to providing both social welfare programs and some of the incentive or OK. Or a subsidy. Professor unfortunately we've run out of time but really really smart analysis as always on this China story. Do you know Professor of Finance at Shanghai Advanced Institute of Finance. Thank you. Plenty more coming up. Stay with us. This is Bloomberg. This week President Biden announced new tariffs on billions of dollars of Chinese goods. The US leader sharply raised levies on clean energy imports including batteries for solar panels and electric vehicles. I'm joined now by Andy Leach associate in Bloomberg and EF's energy storage team for some of the details around this the context more broadly and the are these tariffs then going to help kickstart because this is part of the rationale the battery industry in the US. So the United States has been importing an increasing number of lithium ion batteries from China. So this is around three billion dollars a quarter at the moment. And this is in part due to the fact that China has a large a large advantage in the manufacturing capacity. And there have been massive drops in prices and battery manufacturing. So 40 percent prices that we've seen over the last year. And this is in reaction to that. As well as the sort of the stick approach of increasing these tariffs has also been incentive. So the inflation reduction act is bringing a lot of incentives to try and build the battery manufacturing industry. And we've seen over 100 billion dollars of investment since this act was passed just under two years ago. As well as China increased the number increased the amount of battery manufacturing capacity. There's also a push to go upstream. And one of the things that the US has been doing is it is putting a lot more money into battery recycling. So once these batteries are imported they can be recycled within the US to produce US made batteries in the future. OK. That's interesting. I'm trying to create a closed loop system when it comes to when it comes to the recycling of batteries. Talk to us then about about the broader implications of that and the demand picture right now. And in an EV market that seems to be softening. Sure. So at the moment out to 2030 we expect that different battery metals say between lithium nickel and cobalt which are the key battery metals around 10 to 18 percent of the demand in 2030 can be met by recycling. This is different by different metals and by different regions. So lithium for example this number is around 10 percent. And this is because lithium is in pretty much all the batteries going into grid scale applications as well as the V's. And for nickel and cobalt this is slightly higher. This is because nickel and cobalt are not used in for example lithium ion phosphate batteries. So LFP and these this type of batteries becoming increasingly popular with EV manufacturers. Really interesting. Andy Leitch. Thank you very much indeed with some of the details around what this could mean for the build out of battery capacity and of course the recycling element as well in the US and the Leitch associate in B. Neff's energy storage team. Thank you. There's plenty more coming up. Stay with us. This is Bloomberg. Good morning. This is Bloomberg Daybreak. Europe. Happy Friday. I'm Tom McKenzie in London. These are the stories that set your agenda. China removes the floor on mortgage rates and cuts minimum down payments in a drastic move to proper the beleaguered property sector. We bring you the details stocks retreat as traders reassess the path forward for interest rates with more Fed officials warning lending costs will stay higher for longer. Plus J.P. Morgan CEO Jamie Diamond tells Bloomberg he's still more worried about price pressures than markets appear to be citing inflationary forces ahead. We bring you more from that interview. We are getting lines crossing on the earnings front from Rich Moore of course the luxury retailer with a focus on the jewelry business and demand out of the US and China full year sales coming in just very marginally below the estimates full year sales for rich more because we're getting the full year and the quarterly numbers full year sales coming in at 20.6 billion euros 62 billion euros. The estimates have been for 20.65 billion euros to just slightly below in terms of the full year sales versus the estimates the operating profit is a miss for rich more for the full year operating profit coming in at 4.79 billion euros. The estimates have been for 4.83 billion. It is a miss on full year operating profit for rich more. We know the luxury space has been challenged in recent quarters sales at a constant FX rate up 2 percent. The estimates had been for an increase of 7.7 percent. So well below the estimates on an FX constant basis in terms of full year sales. And they are naming Nicholas boss as the CEO of Rich more effective June the first so June the first is when you can see change at the top for rich more with Nicholas boss becoming the CEO effective at the first day of that month. We're of course looking for the details around the China exposure particularly Cartier and also watches because of course you had that pandemic boom in terms of the demand for luxury watches that has softened to what extent is that weighing on sales for this company. The America's revenue coming in at a constant FX rate up 5 percent. So America's doing relatively well increase of 5 percent. The estimates have been for just north of 3 percent in terms of America's revenue. Japan revenue coming in well above the estimates. Japan is performing well for rich more up 20 percent. The estimates have been for 12 percent Asia Pacific region as a whole though and China will be the drag here. You're looking at revenues up 10 percent versus the estimates of just shy of 14 percent. So that is some detail crossing from rich more. We'll get across this story and bring you more detail just in the next couple of minutes of course on that story. Let's check in on these markets then as we of course continue to assess the comments coming from from FOMC officials suggesting that even though CPI this week came in softer and came in at the coolest level that we've seen in six months they continue to see rates higher for longer. We had that reiterated from a number of Fed speakers overnight. European futures down four tenths of percent. The China data as well also a concern for some investors in this part of the world with the consumer continuing to feel the pressure in China. Fits you 100 futures. Currently pointing up down by a little shy of two tenths of a percent S&P futures currently flat nasdaq futures also in similar territory. But if we breathe it coming through for these markets after the solid run they've had of course the S&P had crossed back above that five thousand three hundred level for the first time. I should say currently pointing at five thousand three hundred nineteen. Let's flip the board cross assets. We saw a bit of move higher in yields on the benchmark 10 year currently at four thirty six on the 10 year euro dollar at one oh eight. The schnaub all of the ECB suggests that you may get a cut in June but not necessarily in July in terms of the sequencing. Eighty three dollars a barrel on Brent up four tenths of a percent and copper continues to grind higher up three tenths of a percent so far in the session 10 thousand four hundred and fifty eight. Let's cross over to Asia. Avalon is standing by and wow it's been a busy Friday. Avalon what are you looking for. Yeah we're looking at the Chinese property sector in the past 30 minutes or so because of course we got those PBOC lines that they're scrapping the nationwide mortgage floor. This is for individual home buyers first and second home purchases. They're also lowering the down payment ratio. So these are the most drastic measures I think we've seen in a way to tackle the real estate sector woes off late. Of course it's also coming in the week where as Bloomberg reporter authorities are mulling a proposal that would see local governments kind of mop up the excess inventory of unsold homes. And it is about how these policy support expectations have been supporting the property stocks as well as bonds. Take a look at the gauge of developers in Hong Kong and how they've fared since the month of April that lows and they've climbed about 50 plus percent since then. But let's put the board and take a look at what is that faring or how that's playing out for the equity space today. It's not really moving the needle. This latest announcement the CSI 300 still about two tenths lower. This is what we saw before those lines draw the hanks. And also pretty flat. I think we need to see a bit more meat on the bones in terms of policy support for the property sector here. Don't forget this is on a day where the retail sales number really disappointed industrial production accelerated. But the takeaway for investors is the supply demand and balances for the Chinese economy that the consumption the demand pictures really not holding up. And this is already on a day where the retracing of the gains from yesterday was underway as investors recalibrate their expectations of that rate. Because let's flip the board and take a look at some of the other assets that we're keeping an eye on in China because today we also got that special bond sale 30 years that demand was pretty solid. All things considered by you still see the ultra long end of the curve. That's still coming under some pressure. Maybe that concern about oversupply. Now dollar China has been higher today not just because of the China data. Think about also the external environment. Those tensions between the US and China at home. OK. Avalon. Thank you very much indeed in Singapore wrapping in the geopolitics but also of course the measures coming through to support the real estate market in China. At least that's the help but with the focus as well on the weak consumer in that country. Aval thank you. Now JPMorgan CEO Jamie Diamond says the US has to stay engaged with China on that topic speaking to Bloomberg at the banks the global markets conference in Paris. The US and the US diamond says Washington and Beijing have common interests and are not natural enemies. So the geopolitical situation is very tense for the more the Ukraine and Russia. I ran the terrorist activities in Israel. We've never had nuclear blackmail before. And this of course affecting our relationship with China. And you know it's going to be hard to have a great relationship with China. The Ukraine war is on. We're kind of in different sides of that. And put it put Taiwan aside. Having said that I think it's the right thing for America to fully and deeply engage with China. You know competitively. You know every nation is going to do its own interest in national security. So should America. We should define that fairly improperly. It is unfair trade. You know negotiate that or do whatever you need to do. But the engagement is the right thing to do. China is not a natural enemy of the United States. They have a lot of their own problems. So you know to me we can work together as best we can. And then we have common interests climate anti nuclear perforation anti terrorism. What does that mean for a bank working in China. Actually given all of this volatility. You're cautious. I mean you know China you look at China from a risk of war basis. It used to be very good. It's not so good anymore because all these things can go wrong. Remember we bank. I mean I've got the number but 1500 multinationals in China. They're not leaving China. So we're going to serve our clients there. We're just much more cognizant. The risk is higher. I might put Hong Kong in that bucket too. We look kind of like a China Hong Kong is one at this point from a risk standpoint. What does the Trump administration mean for the U.S. economy. I don't know. You know there. Why because it's unfreeifiable or because we're too soon to actually try and try to figure out the policies that he would put in place. So if you look at history who was elected president may not necessarily affect the next year. That's kind of like we're a big tanker and that's going to happen. I think the much more important thing is what we do in the geopolitical situation. I've always been quite clear that American leadership is provided to keep the world free and safe for democracy. And that means economic alliances which includes trade by the way. I think we should spend more time in trade. It means NATO. It means that Russia should not win in Ukraine because if they do I think it can tear us under this Western world. I know you've ruled out being Treasury Secretary. Why what would it take to get into politics. I don't think I'm suited for politics. I love my job. You know. And I'm not sure I want to do something like that. And I can hope even if you got the call. You would it be hard to say no. I don't know. I probably yes. I love my job and I have no reason to leave it and doing anything else. So. OK that was JP Morgan CEO Jamie Darmel speaking to Bloomberg Francine Laqua at the Lenders Global Market Summit in Paris. Let's bring you the latest lines then. Just wrap what's been happening from Richmore of course the key luxury name there with the Cartier brand and others of course and their exposure to China Asia Pacific and the U.S. Just correcting in terms of the FX constant FX sales for the full year because we're getting the full year numbers we're getting the quarterly numbers. So just correcting a line that we announced earlier because the numbers have been adjusted. Richmore full year sales at constant FX rate and she saw an increase of 8 percent above the estimates of 7.73 percent. So I make that clear that the full year sales for Richmore at a constant FX came in with an increase a solid increase of 8 percent versus the estimates of 7.73 percent. The top line is that these earnings essentially meet the estimates. You've also had the naming of Nicholas Boss as the CEO to be leading this business from June the first. And in terms of the Americas segment of the business revenue at a constant FX rate increased 5 percent. That was above the estimates. Japan also did well Asia Pacific though as a region below the estimates and China will no doubt be the drag within that component. Let's get more analysis now on the Rishman story with Dasha F.S. F and S.C. Ava who joins us and has been looking at the numbers for us. Dasha was jumping out to you from these results. Well good morning. I think it's really the new CEO. Nicholas Boss is the chief executive currently of Bank of the U.S. So he has he's been with the company for a while. But what the two things I think are really interesting was that he's coming in really quickly. He starts on June 1st. And he's Joe and Robert. He's currently here. He's actually doing sort of sticking around and being chief operating officer. So that's quite unusual. And that they're doing sort of a switchery and is now reporting to Nicholas Boss. So it'd be interesting to see if that actually brings in any any changes at the helm. Because as I say both of them are still going to be there and they've been with the company for a long time. And in terms of the actual numbers I think what is most intriguing is is the idea of Asia Pacific. I mean we knew that there would be a showdown on watches because there's this normalization for COVID. So that was expected. And I think we're looking to the strength of China and of Asia to see how well Rishman could weather that storm. And as you said overall their meeting they met expectations. But there's there's a bit of patchiness in among the regions in Asia. That's how how do the numbers from Rishman compare to the broader luxury landscape that does does face some of those challenges. Well I think if you look at the broader landscape LVMH and particularly caring has been having a really tough time. And it's really sort of called into question this idea that luxury is just going to grow and grow. LVMH has done a bit better. But if you look at the price price to earnings ratio Rishman is actually getting that premium even over LVMH now. You know it's got which I think speaks to the specialist that it's found watches and high end jewellery like Cartier. If you look at what the street thinks it's got 20 buys and 13 holds and no cells. So there's this idea that maybe there's there's even upside in the valuation. We'll see what the shares do today. OK. Bloomberg's Dasha Afanasieva with the results for Rishman and the broader read across to the luxury sector. Dasha. Thank you very much indeed. Other stories making the news this Friday. Walmart has breezed to another quarter of sales growth and says it now expects the full year to be slightly better than expected. The big box retailer reported a 3.8 percent rise in same store sales with e-commerce a big driver jumping 22 percent during the period. Walmart says higher income households drove the bulk of its gains shares close 7 percent high yesterday the biggest one day gain since March of 2020. And Bloomberg has learned that top H SBC shareholder Ping An is wearing options to reduce its 8 percent stake. Sources tell us in market share sales or divesting to a sovereign wealth fund in the Middle East are being considered. We're told board members and the Chinese insurance giant are currently visiting the Gulf. But it's unclear whether formal talks are being held on macro policy now in the central banks. ECB's Holtzman coming out and saying that we must be sure this is in the last few minutes that CPI is on the path to target before we cut rates. That's from Holtzman of the ECB of course known to be on the hawkish end of the spectrum saying it's too early or too early rate cuts risk refuelling inflation. Lines coming from Holtzman of the ECB euro dollar one oh eight. There's plenty more coming up. This is Bloomberg. Welcome back to Blue Boat Daybreak Europe. Let's take a look at the consumer space race. Now is Elon Musk's Starlink transforms communications across the globe. Bloomberg Originals has been looking at how its dominance is sparking government scrutiny and encouraging deep pocketed rivals. The largest single constellation of satellites orbiting our planet is run by a mercurial individual who needs no introduction. It's this guy. It achieves this by maintaining a vast relay network in low Earth orbit. That's the area higher than a jetliner but below a GPS satellite. Right now Starlink has more than five thousand six hundred satellites in orbit. And it accomplished all this in less time than it took James Cameron to make a second avatar movie. At one point SpaceX and Vision launching up to forty two thousand satellites. But this speed and relative success has raised eyebrows concerned ones in government and excited ones in the boardrooms of potential rivals. It's essentially a company trying to disrupt a somewhat complacent marketplace. OK. And you can watch the full documentary on Starlink from Bloomberg Originals on your terminal. Our website of course or on YouTube. Now to AI and developments there read it's surging post market on a partnership with open AI that will bring its content to the chat GBT chat box shares of Reddit which had their IPO obviously back in March jumped as much as 15 percent in late trading following the announcement. Reddit will also offer its users new AI based tools built on models created by open AI. Financial terms of the deal were not disclosed. Coming up F1 World Champion Max Verstappen speaks to Bloomberg about growing the sports and those recent personnel changes at Red Bull Racing. We bring you that interview next. This is Friday. This is Bloomberg. Welcome back to Bloomberg Daybreak Europe. We're going to focus now on Formula One because the glitzy motorsport has been riding a wave of commercial success. Of course in recent years in part due to that Netflix documentary Drive to Survive team valuations are soaring new fans flocking to the sport. The current world champion Red Bulls Max Verstappen of course spoke to Bloomberg Jason Kelly about how F1 needs to consider the different ways it wants to grow and how to keep those fans engaged in the sport. It depends how you want to attract fans. You can attract it of course in very different ways right. You know from the entertainment side or actually the performance side of things. And of course you know the sport has been growing a lot lately probably from you know more the entertainment side. But you know you also need to question like what you actually want because I think it's also very important to keep you know the real die hard fans you know really engaged. But you know these kind of things at the end of the day like I'm the racing driver I'm very focused on my performance and you know that's already taking a lot of my time you know trying to just be on top of my game you know being you know in touch with my team what we can try and improve. And you know to tell us what that those kind of things are not really going through my mind a lot you know how how should I grow the sport. I mean that's not up to me. I'm not you know also the shareholder of the sport. You know I'm just here to try and win win the races. That's a fair point. And obviously the commercial success does as you rightly point out rely very much on success on the track. No one had no one would question your success on the track. It's worth pointing out that that obviously you know there's going to be a big change with Adrian Newey leaving. What's your confidence level I should say about that side of the equation moving forward ensuring that you can stay competitive on the track. Yeah I mean it's of course you know it's been you know quite a you know a change I guess but also a shame that Adrian will be leaving because I think it will be always nice for him to be part of what we are doing. I mean he's been incredibly important for us especially from the start of Red Bull Racing I would say. And yeah I mean at one point you know you have a lot of good people in the team really strong technical department that I trust in as well you know for the future. So naturally the confidence is very high and very excited for for the coming years as well. But yeah would it have been nice for Adrian to be around as well and see that for sure. But at the end of the day you know when people want to maybe seek new challenges or whatever you can't stop that. OK that was Red Bull everyone driver Max Verstappen speaking to Bloomberg Jason Kelly talked about the need for viewers to remain engaged. Adrian would say he keeps winning and that's making the sport less interesting but I'll leave that to others. Now Wall Street Bank CEOs Jamie Diamond David Solomon and Brian Moynihan spoke to us this week. Yes all of them from investment conferences in France. They weighed in on the US economy and Fed policy. The US economy is is chugging along pretty well. We've had good healthy markets for quite a while. There's a thousand things that can go wrong tomorrow. Right now everything's in pretty good shape. I think the chance of something going wrong is higher than people think where it'll be in six months. How much of that slow down we see in the bottom quartile. We have to watch the data very very carefully. Whatever the world is pricing it for a soft landing. I think it's probably half that right now we have a no landing. Honestly a 2% growth rate because you can't say it's a soft landing. There are a lot of inflationary forces in front of us that you know may keep it a little bit higher than people expect. But the Fed is doing the rate structure is having the impact they want. On the other hand the economy is kind of there and now we got to be careful. We don't overshoot the other way. I think they are doing the right thing. You patient right now. Jamie Diamond David Solomon and Brian Moynihan of course speaking to Bloomberg television this week from investment conferences in France. Let's just reflect on the moves of yesterday because at one point you had the Dow crossing that 40,000 level for the first time of course in history. There's a little bit of a pullback a little bit of a breather for Wall Street yesterday. You had FMC officials coming out and reiterating the hire for longer even as we saw that inflation print looking a little bit more benign. So that rhetoric continues from Fed officials. You had the SMP of course it broke back above that 2,300 level. You know you're now kind of closer now to that 2,300 level in terms of the upside then where we go next where the next catalysts for this market is not really coming from China at least for not for now. Let's flip the market or the board and have a reflection and have a look at what's been happening when it comes to China and the squeeze there in terms of property prices. You did see a pickup in terms of the gauges when it comes to property stocks. They've been performing quite well. You've had some additional measures coming through but it's how those measures are implemented at a time of course. And this links to the consumer at a time when the consumer is feeling under pressure. They're making it easier basically to put down payments on properties to go out there and buy and access mortgages. If this succeeds you could get an improved consumer outlook for China but that is a big if that's the move in terms of property stocks but with all the context. There's a lot more coming up this morning including an exclusive interview with Pashel Donahoe of the Eurogroup of course that interview 9 30 UK time. Also today the president of Georgia will speak to Bloomberg it comes as the country's ruling party of course faces those protests over its foreign agent law. Really interesting interview then at nine 10 a.m. on the pulse. But markets today is up next. Stay with us. This is Bloomberg.