 We're just half an hour from the open of Hong Kong, Shenzhen and Shanghai. You're watching The China Show. I'm Yvonne Mann. Our top stories this morning. Asian stocks retreating as traders reassess the path for four interest rates with more Fed officials and Jamie Dimon. Warning lending costs will stay higher for longer. Chinese officials set to meet with state banks shortly to discuss aid for the property sector including proposals to clear inventory. Regarding Meanwhile beginning a major legal battle against liquidation. And we are coming down to China's April activity data expected to show modest signs of recovery as policymakers ramp up support. Every Friday we made it but it is going to be a busy end of the week. I tell you that right now you take a look at how stocks are doing. We're still set for that weekly drop when it comes to Asia. In fact you look at what happened overnight on Wall Street when you had U.S. as well as even the European some of these indices came off some of those record highs here. As we tried to assess what these rate cuts mean when you're hearing this more Fed speak that you'll hire for longer it might be here to stay. And you're still talking about a dollar though the dollar index set for a first monthly fall in 2024. That should go well still for the month I guess for when it comes to risk gases but you are seeing a bit of a down drift here when it comes to equities in Japan Korea Australia keep in mind though I think it's the S.N.P. the Nasdaq and Hang saying still set for four weeks of gains this week as well CSI 300 though we might be snapping out of that for the first time in a while. Taiwan is coming online looks like we're seeing a slight bit here watching this the tech earnings and the like here today after what we saw in the Golden Dragon index. There you go. You saw basically earnings from by do and J.D. Commons some ways actually surprisingly beat when it comes to earnings. The revenue side might have slowed down a bit for by do we'll talk about that a little bit later on as well. But the approach the open is looking like this. So in China you got a lot of things going on. So we have the activity data we talked about property prices coming through. You have a state council meeting which we'll talk about in a bit. And then there's this 30 year ultra long bond special bond sale that's happening today as well. So all of that encapsulating what we're seeing were set up for a higher open here today as well. We're watching that 30 year very closely as well at two fifty eight. It looks like there's bit of a solid demand according to some of the financial news and then the local media is saying about how much demand could we see from this bond auction here today in seven twenty two forty eight for the currency as well. So here's what the agenda is in store. Talked a little bit about this right. So it's going to be busy property support. Anything that we hear from the state council meeting China activity home prices special bond sale. You have Putin in China as well. There's an HSI review and then we have to kind of look at the rest of the tech earnings that came through when it came to Baidu as well as JD dot com. I want to bring in my anchor buddy this next two hours or chief north Asia correspondent Stephen Engel. You know there's a lot going on. It's a busy Friday. Can't run my head yet. Min Min Lo is going to be joining us too with the data dump for April from China. But again the the special sovereign bond sale very interesting only the fourth time in 26 years. I mean back in 98 I've been around since then I remember they had to recapitalize the big state banks then they basically fed into the sovereign wealth fund in 2007. Then in 2020 they issued again these ultra long term sovereign bonds for covid measures and relief. And now this is the fourth time. So property is probably the end benefit there. We'll have to see. We'll dig into that with all of it. Well many of our guests including Julie Redd with her especially if people are calculating crunching the numbers of how much is going to cost to really absorb all this ex's inventory in the housing market. More pressure on the state banks non performing loans. More pressure at the local government level. Their debt crisis is still there and their their fiscal crisis is still there. So there's lots of things to figure out who's going to be shouldering the burden. And who's going to be at the state council meeting later on today. If you look at the guest list or at least the invitees financial officials housing ministry local governments state banks. What does that tell you. Well it's a big it's a big group of people. It'll be an interesting video conference actually. They're bringing everybody in by video by zoom. OK. And who's going to get the loudest voice and who's going to be taking most of the pain actually. Yeah. And it seems like they're really putting this as a priority now when it comes to this property market and really kind of emphasizing this new phase that we're seeing when it comes to the stimulus measures to that downturn that we're seeing in housing. Let's talk about the data dump. Usually that's our top story. It still is. What we're expecting out of the April numbers here and are expecting a slight increase compared to March. But are we still going to see this sort of two speed economy. Let's bring in our China correspondent now Min Min Lo. She joins us her debut on the China show. Welcome. Thank you. What should we be watching out for. Well the economy is looking set to come out of a lull as we head into the second quarter after those disappointing numbers in March. Industrial production is likely to take the lead if you take a look on your screens. Let's pull up the analysts estimates there. Industrial production economists are looking at and a one percentage point increase from March on the back of stronger exports. Retail sales. There's a number that we want to look closely at because as you said are we going to see finally a balanced recovery or that two track recovery with industrial production and fixed asset investments racing ahead of consumption. And if you look at the May Day holidays data data we're still seeing huge appetite for travel but per capita spending still not breaking above pre pandemic levels. So people still keeping a tight grip on their wallets. And if you look at the data as well for purchases of automobiles housing appliances demand still sluggish despite that government rollout of the trade in program trying to encourage businesses and households to upgrade their equipment. Yeah. So mixed results there. Miming you're basically alluding to the fact that the domestic demand consumption is still weak and these trade in cash for clunkers for the cars hasn't really lifted yet. Exactly. The car sales. But right now the growth and the momentum that we're seeing in China is really coming from top down priority on manufacturing and investment. What's going to take. What are we seeing though on some of the consumption sides that could potentially lift that side of the equation. Yeah. So consumption as you said especially property that's a big drag on the economy. Now if you look at April sales down 45 percent still despite the rollout of a series of pro growth signals with city of the city saying that they are removing home buying curves and yet sentiment remains pessimistic. But we saw that in a scoop today that possibly we are looking at this big meeting of the government looking at buying back potentially millions of homes across the country. That's not going to you know we're not going to see the effects of that yet in the April data though. But we will see however fixed asset investments staying still seeing a resilient number there with the trickle down effects from last year's issuance of that trillion U.N. bond sovereign that is likely to go into investments infrastructure investments right now. All right. Thank you. And then low there are China correspond joining us here with a preview of that activity data still ahead. We're going to have B of A security sharing their latest China stock strategies and whether investors should chase this rally or sell the bounds. But first we have the B.S.P. governor Ellie Ramelomo saying that the Philippines Central Bank may cut its key interest rate by a 50 basis points or so this year he joins us exclusively after their policy decision yesterday and we're counting down the open of trade in Shanghai Shenzhen and Hong Kong. This is the China show. Happy Friday. Well the Philippines Central Bank kept its key rate unchanged at a 17 year high but says it may pivot to cutting rates as early as August as price risks moderate for more joining as exclusively here is the governor himself Ellie Rameloma. Governor thank you so much for joining us and you certainly have laid out the path of these rate cuts quite clearly here yesterday on this press conference. You know 25 basis points potentially in August and maybe 50 to end this year. It seems like you've struck a pretty less hawkish tone now. How do you think that's going to be impacting the peso and the currency moving forward. That's right. Still hawkish but less so than before. It may put pressure on the peso but so far it hasn't. The peso opened at 57 53 this morning. That's only seven cents that was weaker than than last night. So so far it hasn't really affected the peso. OK. It seems like right now 57 58 seems to be that magic number people kind of bring up about whether the BSP would intervene. How far would you go in defending the currency. Well yesterday we didn't intervene at all. We were happy with the movement of the peso but if there's stress then we might come in. Stress means a large offer sizes high volatility and then we might intervene. Have you you didn't intervene yesterday but have you been interviewing recently. We have in small amounts not not to really affect the value of the peso more to to keep markets orderly but not yesterday. OK. How are you. How are your foreign reserves. I mean do you have enough in your coffers right now in case things get volatile throughout the year especially if you're saying that you can't actually cut rates ahead of the Fed. We have ample reserves. So we're we're comfortable with the amount of reserves we have. Well Governor Stephen Engel here is it a wait and see kind of approach right now as well on the possible intervention when you were seeing that maybe the Fed though will not cut until December at the earliest according to some of the expectations. Is this a strong dollar story right now that you're battling against with the peso. Yes. Yes. It's been a strong dollar all along. Broadly strong dollar for the past several weeks. So we don't feel obliged to intervene. But we want to keep the market orderly. Governor also we heard some comments from you saying that perhaps some of these maritime incidents off the Philippines in the South China Sea with China have had an impact on on the peso. What are you seeing the direct correlation there. Well any any incident seems to affect the peso a bit so far so far not so sharply. But recently none at all the incidents have not affected the peso. OK. Governor is there a concern in any way of the pass through of a weaker peso to inflation dynamics now. Is that a concern to you in any way. The past through has been very small for because the movements of the peso have been small. But that's not to say that if the peso we can sharply the past through may be significant. But so far it's it's been it's been small. It's been it's been there but small. What do you think you need to see to warrant that that cut in August. Governor Remeloma. Are the inflation dynamics. Do you think inflation will still remain in target of that two to four percent. Also domestic demand. Can that continue to soften or their upsides risks to both of those scenarios. There are there are upside risks to both scenarios. But so far the peso I mean the inflation rate has been has been looking good. It's been trending down. And the output growth has has remained intact. So those are those are pieces of good news for us which makes us more confident about possibly easing in the second half of this year. You also mentioned about that triple R cut governor. Maybe tell us a little bit more about the thinking that that you can actually start discussing this triple R cut once you do start easing. Is this going to be something that's in tandem to the rate cuts or something that might have to have to happen subsequently or afterwards. I think my sense is it won't be on the same meeting. But we would like to reduce the reserve requirement by quite a bit because I think it's distorting financial intermediation. But the timing is important. We don't want to do it while we're still hawkish. OK. You said it needs to come down substantially. Can you give us a bit more on how much more it could actually be be cut. Well I have only one vote but I would I would say we can we can reduce it to five percent. Right now it's nine point five percent. But OK. That's still one of the highest in the region. Yes. Governor you also mentioned about the BSP saying the second half GDP growth would likely slow due to the previous rate hikes. Are we still seeing the effects of this tightening cycle on the economy. And when you think that actually starts to fade a bit. Yes we are. We our transmission mechanism has long legs. It turns out the effect peaks at about one year after the after the rate change. So we're still seeing the effects of October rate hike. We're still still seeing it today. So we're that's why we feel we're still hawkish. Well Governor in addition to those headwinds coming from those rate hikes what else do you see as the pressing dampener potentially in the second half on GDP growth in the Philippines. Well inflation is also affecting growth. It's reducing demand especially for for food which is also the source of a major source of inflation. So the rate hike in October is still having having an effect. We're beginning to see we're beginning to see negative a negative output gap. That means it's possible that we're beginning to to be tighter than necessary for for taming inflation. But these numbers are all imprecise. So we we have to use some judgment in deciding whether to ease or not. Well that's that's the big question obviously if inflation is still running a little bit higher than trend is that's going to be the main deciding factor then whether you do cut in August. Well inflation of course is the main factor but we also look at output growth. We don't want to we don't we don't want to unnecessarily reduce output just to just to tame inflation. So we're we're we're it's a balancing act as you know for most central banks as that's the case. Also when it comes to the peso I'm just going back to the currency here. Do you have an outlook of where dollar pesos going to end up this year and how much weakness are you likely to tolerate before the B.S.P. has to step in. We don't have a number. We don't have a target for the peso. We were more or less letting the peso float. But we worry about stress and it hasn't it hasn't happened yet in the last few months. Governor Reve Loma we have to leave it there. But thank you so much. Ellie Reve Loma there the governor of the B.S.P. joining us and telling a little bit more about the need for more triple R cuts. And yes not too concerned about that weaker peso as they embark on this easing cycle later on this year. Our thanks to the governor. We have some breaking lines crossing here when it comes to Japan. So they basically have left the bond buying amounts unchanged from the last operation. So last time we saw that things were smaller in terms of the amount of bonds purchased this time they're keeping it at those levels. So you're still seeing a little bit of these yields taking up higher particularly in the long end of the curve. It's still at 205 from your 30 year yield. I believe those are still those decade highs that Japanese 10 year yield though. We're still hovering around those November highs as we speak here today. And we're watching of course what happens with the fix. So that coming through here. No change there 7 10 45 this morning ahead of of course that activity. We have home prices coming through at the bottom of this hour as well. There you go. A little bit of weakness there on the currency 7 22 75. This is what the approach the open is looking like here today. Your pre market. It looks like looks to be pretty good in the hang up. We're just saying we are seeing 302 points to the upside. I believe here today. If the futures are still pointing higher. And yes 233 for your 10 year yield watching the long end of the curve very closely ahead of that auction today. This is Bloomberg. All right. Here are some of the big stories we're tracking for you today. The IMF has been a big part of the IMF's economic growth. The IMF's administration's move to aggressively raise tariffs on some Chinese goods including EVs. The funds as the U. S. economy would benefit more from open trade. The IMF has been stepping up criticism of its biggest and most influential shareholder over surging debt levels trade restrictions and even the currency impact of tight fed policy. Amid the latest tensions Beijing sold a record amount of treasury and U. S. agency dollars. Beijing's investments in the U. S. are garnering renewed investor attention and it signs that tensions between the world's largest economies may worsen. Two senior U. S. lawmakers have blasted a Washington based foundation for secretly accepting money from Huawei. They say the move flies in the face of efforts to keep foreign adversaries from from compromising U. S. research. And it follows Bloomberg News reporting that reveals how Huawei which is blacklisted by the U. S. secretly funded a research competition through the Optica Foundation. Bloomberg has also learned that top H. S. B. C. Holder paying on is weighing options to reduce its 8 percent stake sources. Teleoptions include us further on market share sales or divesting to a sovereign wealth fund in the Middle East. We're told paying on board members are currently visiting the Gulf but it's unclear whether formal talks have started. All right. Here is your free market here. It looks like we are ending this Hangs Hang on a positive note here. A fourth week of gains for that benchmark and we're well above that 19000 500 level here right now. H. S. Tech catching a bid here will track what goes on with Biden what goes on with JD dot com after they did some in some way surprise to the upside here when it comes to those earnings as well. H. Shares are also up about nine tenths of one percent. The currency a little bit on the weaker side here today. Take a look at this. This Golden Cross. We've been talking about Golden Cross is on a lot of these China benchmarks here. But the MSCI is the latest one that we've seen forming that Golden Cross. And you take a look at how many times this has happened. Only seven times that this Golden Cross has seen in the MSCI China over the past 10 years. If you take a look at that what happens afterwards. The index does rise about 3 percent or more on average one month after that Golden Cross happens. So looks like the technicals are there to see whether we can see more upside and some of these Chinese equities in terms of analyst actions here today. There's plenty on tap here given the tech story given the property story as well. McCurry coming through here with some new movement here when it comes to buy do those eight years cut to neutral at the firm with a price target of one eleven JD dot com also from McCurry those raised to outperform with a price target of one fifty nine. Interesting know from Morgan Stanley here this morning. So they're looking at the likes of Long For Group also poly developments in particular here today. So still downgrading this sector on weak fundamentals. So they say when it comes to those fundamentals remain highly uncertain in the second half of this year even though we've seen this massive rallying property stocks I believe we've recovered about half of the losses since April already. But yes regulars have turned more dovish but we think the impact on property sales and home prices remains still highly uncertain. Steven I'm going to bring you in now. It seems like that's the case. You're seeing more stimulus. But what is this due to actually home prices and actually the supply. I think a lot of people will be watching any kind of lines coming out of this meeting. Yes. That's going to be held in Beijing today between state banks the housing ministry finance officials state owned banks and local government officials about how much this inventory clearing initiative that we have been reporting on that we have not gotten the details. How much is that going to really help sentiment or is it going to disappoint Morgan Stanley and their report saying it might disappoint. Yeah. I mean especially they're saying that the scale of funding is in question. Right. We'll talk a little more about that stocks and watch here today. Buy to JD.com watch watching just overall big tech cap here. Tech I should say here. They are buying up some three percent JD up one percent. The open is next. OK. So. Welcome back. You're watching the China show. We're kind of on the open of markets the open of activity data for April. Also these home prices are coming through any second now here. So it looks to be quite busy on the agenda here today in particular when you're watching these bond markets as well. Just given that the first kind of batch of ultra long special bonds are going to be coming to the market here on this Friday morning. But equities are still catching quite a bit here this morning in the highing saying we're up about seven tenths of one percent in the pre market. The tech side of things seems to be driving that this whole week whether it's Alibaba whether it's 10 cent this time it's by you as well as JD.com which in some ways actually surprised the upside with their earnings both were a beat when it comes to the income side of things. We'll talk about the revenue side a little bit later when it comes to buy you which did come out a little bit more on the weaker side. But you take a look at what we're looking at here today. It looks like we're still set for a fourth week of gains when it comes to Hong Kong CSI 300. Though I think we're still set to snap out and see when the first weekly declines in some time now we're flat when it comes to the Shanghai markets here this morning. We'll see how this plays out there. But the small caps are pretty much flat as well. Some of the big caps are watching like C.A.T. L. me you've seen paying insurance catching a slight bit here this morning. A merchant's bank as well. We're watching of course very close to the property stocks and whether this rally can continue for another day. But you are seeing though commodities are catching a massive bit here iron ore is up some one percent in Dalian Shanghai crude also seeing that this this commodity story still remains quite strong. We're watching of course a long end of those curves the C.G.B. curves here this morning. So we're up about one or two basis points for the 10 year 30 year as well. Yet we're expecting to hear according to financial news that those bond yields likely could yield about two and a half to three percent which is kind of where those those levels are right now. So could be some solid demand out there for this bond auction here today. You took a look at how the Hong Kong Open is looking like as well. We talked about basically it's a tech story. It's these property stocks. Morgan Stanley we just talked about that call about you know the fundamentals of this property market are still quite weak. And they said you know when it comes to some of these policies on on real estate you know investors might end up being disappointed by some of them whether it's the scale of the funding or whether this whole kind of replenish of new homes and the like is actually going to affect the secondary supply of the market as well. There you go though. You're still seeing Hangsett up about three quarters of one percent HHS tech is driving that here. MSCI China talks about that Golden Cross. We're still seeing gains of one percent here this morning and some of these big cap names still are doing quite well. H.S.B.C. that's the one to watch. We're down some two percent. So hang on. They're talking about at least considering what to do with that stake that they have with the bank. So that was a scoop that came out yesterday and did also affect the shares in London overnight. You take a look at how these tech shares are doing. So J.A. dot com slightly down the downside here despite it seems like they were able to at least generate some profits and earnings here amidst this sort of consumer downgrader or so by do though. There you go. That's the one where you're seeing a bit more surprise of the upside three point six percent revenue was still the slowest in a year I believe. So it seems like this the slowing economy did also overshadow some of the A.I. sort of earnings and the like here. So that's still though. But we're still seeing at least able to eat. So we're seeing a decline of zero point five eight percent. That is a deeper sort of contraction that we saw from the previous month. Use home prices also were going to be a little bit more than that. So we're seeing a decline in the economy. So we're seeing a decline in the economy. So we're seeing a decline in the economy. So we're seeing a decline in the economy. So we're seeing a decline in the economy. So we're seeing a decline in the economy. So we're seeing a decline in the economy. So we're seeing a decline in the economy. So we're seeing a decline in the economy. So we're seeing a decline in the economy. So we're seeing a decline in the economy. So we're seeing a decline in the economy. So we're seeing a decline in the economy. So we're seeing a decline in the economy. So we're seeing a decline in the economy. So we're seeing a decline in the economy. So we're seeing a decline in the economy. So we're seeing a decline in the economy. So we're seeing a decline in the economy. So we're seeing a decline in the economy. So we're seeing a decline in the economy. So we're seeing a decline in the economy. So we're seeing a decline in the economy like routine trimester, which is in terms of how much the economy is in the economy. So we're seeing a decline in the economy. So we're seeing a decline in the economy. So do we have the consumer market coming down to the last prices? And they've now fallen for 11 straight months, 27 out of the past 32 months. They have fallen. That's not surprising. I'm not, that's not a newsflash. We know that has been weak. But again, what it's going to take to turn this sentiment around for buyers, perhaps will get some details coming out of Beijing with the key authorities meeting to discuss this potential inventory clearing plan. worst fall we've seen since 2014. So certainly that does go to show things maybe are slowing down once again. Let's talk a little bit more about equity markets and this rally whether you can chase it or not. Or do you need to sell on this bounce is bringing Winnie Wu chief equity strategist of B of A security. So you know obviously we've seen 20 30 percent gains already. What do you think has changed the most. I think the first leg of the rally in late April was more driven by global macro was happening to A.I. was happening in U.S. macro was happening to the Japanese yen. So it was more U.S. long only position flow buying into the China equity market. But in the past two three weeks there are more hopes of China policies especially around properties around the dividend you dividend you the tax cut. So that's continued to fuel the rally by now the P.E. evaluation of MSI China is at 10.6 times compared to post reopening high in January last year. It was 11.7. So back to the post reopening high we got 10 percent. But I think to get that 10 percent it depends on a lot on fundamentals. So what's the macro data. This morning is going to tell us what's the property measures are there going to be really effective or is that a case of buy on the hope and sell on the fact. So I think you know back to the post reopening high 10 percent we might see some pullback correction. But hopefully you know this time with the flow with the fundamental it means that the worst of the market in terms of derating in terms of found outflow is behind us. Well I'm going to get you as well. We need to kind of answer the top line question from your latest report. Do you chase this rally or sell the bounce. So our recommendation is to do the rotation. So first the quarter of the year even first four months the best strategy for China market was the high yield S.O.E. by now especially some of the Asia high yield S.O.E. is their yield has already fallen to below 6 percent because the share prices were up anywhere between 20 to 40 percent year to date. So we say use the rally to rotate some of these S.O.E.s was falling yield. But in any pullback or correction we do the ad quality bait especially in some of the internet sector. You recently had a conference in Shenzhen where you mentioned that investor sentiment is clearly turned a little bit more positive. I mean what are the long only funds telling you right now. Are they are they participating in this rally in any way. As I mentioned that you as long only are probably the first batch of people who who drove up the rally. Hong Kong China long only are a bit more reluctant partly because they are close to the market. So they are more have more skepticism in terms of you know the policy effectiveness when they talk to the corporate majority of the message is things are stabilizing or marginally improving but it's not snapping back. So they have more concerns doubt questions and also you know with the speed of the market movement or you know when market is up like 20 percent in less than a month. It's very hard for many long to chase. So I would say in terms of the long wait participation it's still at quite early stage. Investor sentiment clearly has picked up when the market is up what the CSI 300 index up 13 percent since February 1st. That's good. Again the question still remained around fundamentals but property you mentioned in the beginning one we're seeing the fundamentals there are not improving. What would you want to hear from any potential meeting that is happening in Beijing right now about property rescue measures and how much that's going to potentially cost the local governments as well as the central government and the banks. Yeah. So I think fundamentally you know there are supply and demand side of the issue for the demand side. The key is to make property desirable again because for the past a few years you know with this properties for living off speculation home prices been falling and people are not going to buy a depreciating asset. Right. So the key is to change the expectation to make people have the confidence on property price that is going to stabilize or even have room for long term appreciation. Now you know that probably need a strong momentum in terms of a package of policies in the past two three years we've seen a lot of piecemeal easing which is not helping which didn't help. Right. So this time hopefully we can create enough momentum to make people want to buy property again. And then on the supply side you know the desolation measures I think is great initiative. But really like you said come down to how much funding. Who's going to pay for that. Right. Now if we're hearing that commercial buying providing loan that's fine. But who's borrowing. Is that some central entity or is a local government LGAV because if it's local government LGAV then I worry that the scale the speed of execution will still be constrained because we all know the physical strength constraint and the debt issues of some local governments. And so when it comes to how you look at stocks I mean is it still you you look at it all in one consumption sort of downgrade or can you actually find and divorce the property story with the rest of the consumption story. Yeah. So a few weeks ago we did a publisher report on the smart consumer story. So you know it's true that property price is going down which has some negative effect on the home buyer on the consumer confidence. Right. So people have become more selective in terms of what they are paying where they are spending the money. There is the consumption downgrade trend. But we also highlight that household overall balance sheet remain quite solid. Right. So people have the ability and willingness to pay for products or services that can make them feel good or provide functional value. So you need to have a value proposition. Right. Either emotional value make them feel good health care beauty product. You know alcohol alcohol you know snow snow sports were super popular last year. That's not a cheap sport. Or you provide functional value. You know so online education. People still want to pay right. Or low sugar drinks right. Healthy drinks otherwise you provide value for money. That's a consumption downgrade. Winnie I'd love to talk the rest of the interview about alcohol and see. Give me my value. I want to go back to property really quick because again you asked the kind of overarching rhetorical question who's going to pay for it. Who's going to take the hit rate. Right. So we also have this auction for this new long term special bond. What trillion you want. Essentially it's 186 billion US dollars. Do you see the bulk of that going into their property rescue measures to take take the pressure off the LGF fees that you talked about the local government financing vehicles which are absolutely intended physical strain. Yeah we certainly hope some of the fund can be used to help with local government. But we don't know right because this one trillion was announced in March. And if you look at the scale it's within the scope you know last year net issuance of government treasury bond was four trillion. So even though we this is the first time we issue an ultra long term but the one trillion in terms of size is actually not particularly big. So is that going to be used to help with the local property market. Hopefully but we don't know. Yeah. All right. Winnie is great to have you have a great weekend when you were there China equity strategist at B of A securities. Let's talk a little more about the property side of things and talk about country garden now that a faulted Chinese developer beginning a major legal battle today. And it's going to be squaring off in a Hong Kong court against the creditors seeking the company's liquidation for more or less bringing our bond and loan reporter Loretta Chen. Are we expecting fireworks today. What's going to happen. Well unfortunately I think there won't be any surprises in terms of this hearing possibly getting delayed adjourned for another date because we know that the winding up case was filed by a single company which is listed in Hong Kong King Board about a 200 million dollar loan. That seems like a single creditor claim that at this point the company can refute by saying it doesn't represent the overall interest of its other creditors which involves a lot of state owned banks institutional investors. Country garden is advancing these restructuring talks. So I think if the company can prove to show the court that it has made progress in those talks then you know this hearing is probably going to delay it or even if it has a good enough case you know even get dismissed. We've seen more pressure mount though on country garden. Yes they defaulted in October but also they barely missed a default just within the last few days. Right. So there's going to be pressure for them to be a viable entity. Yeah. Yeah absolutely. But I think at the same time if you look at the policy measures onshore then that's good news for companies like country garden with such a big scale. They're benefiting from these measures. You know if some of these second tier third tier cities where country garden has projects if it's got a white listed project if it's got funding help directly from the local government that can be a case that you can make in the Hong Kong court to say you know here we have some cases for recovery for our investors. They just have to be patient enough. All right. Loretta thank you Loretta and there we'll see and bring you any updates of what we hear from this hearing whether it does get adjourned or not. Loretta Chen are bond and loan reporter or take a look at what comes to these markets and we are still seeing a decent rally. Looks like the onshore market is now also catching up. You take a look at the CSI 300. We're still seeing gains now above water here of about a tenth of one percent. Hong Kong is coming off a little bit. But we're still seeing gains about one percent or so H is tech continues to be what's driving that here today. And we're watching very closely those property stocks. We're still they're still gaining quite a bit. There's a lot of anticipation of the state council meeting. But even the fundamentals we say still weak right. That those new home prices and used home prices did drop faster than we saw in March as well. That's not really changing this rally in any way so far. Plenty more ahead. This is Bloomberg. China and Russia agreed that a political solution to the Ukraine crisis is the right direction. China's stance on this is consistent and clear. Chinese president Xi Jinping there on what he calls the crisis in Ukraine and speaking after talks with Russia's Vladimir Putin in Beijing. The two leaders also pledged to intensify cooperation against what they describe as Washington's containment policies. Let's get more now on all this with our Bloomberg Greater China senior executive editor John Liu joining us out of Beijing. John it seems like we're seeing new signs of cooperation. What really came out of this meeting you think. I would say this was an affirmation of the relationship that we already know exists between President Xi and President Putin and between these two countries. As you mentioned both Moscow and Beijing are chafing under American pressure on various fronts for China. We just had these new tariffs put in place by the Biden administration. And so lots of reasons for the two to work together. They fit together economically. Russia produces energy and commodities. China produces manufactured goods. But they they primarily are working together right now. I think the biggest motivation is American pressure. A John Steve Engel here. Obviously it's something that has been in the you know the crosshairs of Washington has been the potential of state banks or Chinese banks helping facilitate the trade of dual use products that potentially could end up on the battlefield in Ukraine. That could elicit further secondary sanctions. What are these two gentlemen she and Putin potentially doing to avert or to avoid that scenario. So we've heard very clearly from Washington Secretary Blinken when he visited talked about how Chinese supplies of machine tools and other equipment was a big reason why Russia has been able to keep its war effort going. You know obviously Washington and Europe taking many objections to that. President Putin would like to see this relationship continue would like to see China ramp up its supplies of goods to the Russian economy. President Xi is trying to balance two things. One he wants to keep Russia on side. He wants to maintain that relationship. But at the same time as you talked about risking sanctions on Chinese banks on Chinese enterprises that is not going to help his effort to try and get growth economically back on track in China. John thank you John. There are greater China senior executive editor joining us out of Beijing. We also from Jamie Morgan CEO Jamie Diamond saying that the U.S. has to stay engaged with China speaking to us at the Bank's Global Markets Conference in Paris. Diamond says Washington and Beijing have common interests and are not natural enemies. So the geopolitical situation is very tense because it works the Ukraine and Russia Iran the terrorist activities in Israel North Korea nuclear blackmail. We've never had nuclear blackmail before. And this is of course affecting our relationship with China. And you know it's going to be hard to have a great relationship with China. The Ukraine wars on were kind of in different sides of that and put it put Taiwan aside. Having said that I think it's the right thing for America to fully and deeply engage with China. You know competitively. You know every nation is going to do its own interest in national security. So should America. We should define that fairly improperly. It is unfair trade. You know negotiate that or do whatever you need to do. But the engagement is the right thing to do. China is not a natural enemy of the United States. They have a lot of their own problems. So you know to me we can work together as best we can. And then we have common interests climate anti nuclear perforation anti terrorism. What does it mean for a bank working in China actually given all of this volatility. You're cautious. I mean you know China you look at China from a risk reward basis. It's be very good. It's not so good anymore because all these things can go wrong. Remember we bank. I mean I've got the number but fifteen hundred multinationals in China. They're not leaving China. So we're going to serve our clients there. We're just much more cognizant. The risk is higher. And I put Hong Kong in that bucket too. I know we look kind of like a China Hong Kong is one at this point from a risk standpoint. What does the Trump administration mean for the U.S. economy. I don't know. You know there be why because it's unfreechable or because we're too soon to actually try and try to figure out the policies that he put in place. So if you look at history who was elected president may not necessarily affect the next year. That's kind of like we're a big tanker and that's going to happen. I think the much more important thing is what we do in the geopolitical situation. I've always been quite clear that American leadership is provided to keep the world free and safe for democracy. And that means economic alliances which includes trade by the way. I think we should spend more time in trade. It means NATO. It means that Russia should not win in Ukraine because if they do I think it can tear us under this Western world. I know you've ruled out being Treasury Secretary. What would it take to get you into politics. I don't think I'm suited for politics. I love my job. You know. And so I'm not sure I want to do something like that. And I can hope even if you got the call you would it be hard to say no. I don't know. I probably yes. I love my job and I have no reason to leave it doing anything else. So. And that was the J.P. Morgan CEO Jamie Diamond speaking to Bloomberg's Francine Laquois. We got plenty more ahead. Equity markets continuing this rally here this morning. There you go. HSI up seven tens of one percent. H is tech. We're close to two percent gains here right now. Developers are still catching a bid here this morning. This is Bloomberg. All right. Checking markets here today. We're just about seven minutes away from that activity data. So things could look pretty different. We'll see if things stay the same or not. But take a look at one of things when it comes to Hang saying it looks like we are continuing another day of gains here to wrap up this week of gains. I think it's the longest winning streak we've seen for four weeks now. Since 20 I believe 16. If I can remember that right now my producers can correct me if I'm wrong. But H is tech is up one point eight percent. We'll go through some of those tech earnings in just a little bit as well. But basically every gauge is up right now. What's not up is basically the CGB market in just a few hours. We're going to hear more about this bond auction for the 30 year ultra long bonds here as well. It's expected to have some solid demand. But we'll see yields taking a bit higher here this morning ahead of that bond auction. But yes it comes to this which is going to be our top story in any minute now. Really. What are we expecting. Steve and what are you looking out for the most. Look it's better than the previous month obviously. Yes. So April is better than March. Again industrial production. If you look at the manufacturing PMI's really showed output climbing to the strongest level in more than a year. New export orders rose in back to back months for the first time since March 2023. This is an investment and manufacturing led recovery in the Chinese economy right now. But retail sales is one I'm going to be watching the consumer. Are they back. Not yet. That's at the top of the next hour. You can follow of course those numbers in commentary from our expert editors. T live go is open. We're going to break those numbers coming up next. This is the China show. Welcome back to the show. Here's a look at the CSI 300 this hour. Just a half hour into the session here. We're seeing some modest gains but really catching up finally here in the last couple of minutes to what we're seeing offshore. There you go. I miss you. I try to continue to see gains of one percent. We talk about the hang saying basically we're set for another fourth week of gains here. It looks like things are looking still pretty strong in this Hong Kong rally. You take a look at what's driving it. It's the tech space. And of course any second now that you see the countdown clock that activity data for April is due. So what we're going to see in terms of industrial output fix asset investment retail sales. We just got those new home prices and all used home prices both dropping faster than the previous month here. So at least the property side of things. Steve still looking quite weak. Absolutely. The reality is the prices keep on sinking. But the speculation is that the measures will be coming. We have the numbers out. You're going to break them or I'll break it. Okay. Industrial production much better than expected. The survey was for five and a half percent. We're getting six point seven percent. Obviously there's some stoking of the factory side of the equation in Chinese economy. Industrial production year over year in April. Much better than the expectations as well as the previous month of four and a half percent fixed asset urban investment disappointing a little bit coming in at four point two percent. We were expecting four point six in March. It was four point five percent. And this is the other side of the coin retail sales. Wow. Really disappointing. Three point seven percent was the estimate. We got two point three percent. That tells you the demand side of the equation is not keeping up its end of the bargain. Yes. So two point three percent. That's quite a sizable miss. And in fact we're seeing this is the lowest number we've seen for retail sales since December of twenty twenty two. So we're talking about close to these two year lows when it comes to the consumption side of things. Property investment still remains a negative story. We're down nine point eight percent. They're also missing estimates. That jobless rate though is improving a little bit though at five percent from that five point two percent print as well. So overall it seems like industrial production was a big beat. But we're seeing a miss when it comes to retail sales and fixed asset investment. Let's bring in our guest Morgan Stanley's Chief China economist Robin Shane for more analysis. Your take on these numbers so far Robin. Well growth is a stabilizing. That's a good news. But it's very unbalanced. It's largely due to the strength in exports and the manufacturing. So production side is strong. But the domestic consumption side is very weak. As you mentioned the property and the retail sales. They both missed expectations. So I think growth is a stabilizing but at very unbalanced pace. So what happens when new export orders start to weaken as the geopolitical situation intensifies. And what happens when the government also takes its efforts to rein in some of those over capacity as they have it done in lithium batteries. What when when will the consumer have to come in and prop up its end of the bargain. I think Steve what you mentioned is exactly the debate right now how sustainable these exports driven growth could be with all these trade barriers. But it's also interesting when you heard more and more trade barriers tariff. China is addressing this domestic demand issue. Firstly cash for concrete for cars. Secondly digesting the housing inventory. We saw all these news from your news outlet on the state council meeting today addressing some of these insuring completion also potentially using some government help to purchase these also the units. I think you do take a long time until they can come out with a national plan. But in your term maybe more and more local government will start to launch these smaller scale pilot programs of purchasing some also the units. So basically the more external pressures like trade barriers the more likely China will try to address domestic demand issue. And they have been making a few incremental positive policies. That's good news. Well I want to pick up on this potential inventory plan that they're going to be discussing most likely in Beijing. So if they're going to be coming in with the aid of state owned enterprises and getting loans from the banks and also have the local governments as well who are fiscally strained right now coming to buy up all this excess inventory which is a lot. There's a lot of it right there. That doesn't really play into the reflation story because they're going to be buying them on the cheap and then turning it into affordable housing. Well in some sense it's also helping the developers right. If you can purchase these also the units that's going to use the liquidity pressure for developers and if they restore their confidence consumers home buyers will be willing to buy from these developers that could mitigate this downward spiral because you are worried about the developers going default. You don't want to buy the units from them. So I do think a government initiative will be helpful. But back to the essential problem is a huge funding demand. Right now are you calculating now. The inventory for primary market right now is about 20 months in normal year before pandemic inventory should be around 12 months. So if China want to reduce inventory level to 12 months they need I'm B3 to 4 trillion to purchase these also the units. So I think it will take a long some long way until they can figure out a national plan. But they are making a few positive development like encouraging local government to start these pilot programs. I think these policy positives will probably reduce the downside risk. So comparing to the beginning of this year right now what do I think is China is a stabilizing. It's still unbalanced. But they are making some incremental policy to reduce the downside risk. So it's stabilizing at an unbalanced subdued level. But the downside risk is much smaller than a few months ago. So you say 3 to 4 trillion you want to buy up all this excess inventory. That's what happened trillion US dollars. About 500 billion US dollars. And the big question we've been talking to with guests today is who's going to shoulder that. I mean you're going to have this special ultra long bond sale that begins today and the pricing. But again local government finances are extremely constrained. The state banks have MPLs rising. So that's a more shoulder in that burden. State owned enterprises probably don't want to do this. Do they. Exactly. There are still a lot of choking points in this process. They are debating. There is a lot of reluctance because of the so-called moral hazards debates. Who is paying which units which developer you should try to purchase these units. But essentially as you said they can do on the fiscal side issuing more government bond widening augmented deficit. Or you can use a code eye physical measures like the PBOC's are re-landing or PSL program to help these banks to be incentivized to provide these cheap loans for purchasing on so the units. So essentially it's the central government or central bank. I think it will take some time. And the track record of party bureau has been if they said they are studying some proposals from starting that proposal to coming out with a plan for execution. It usually took six to 12 months. Yeah. And given how housing is so complex. It may take 12 months. The upper range of that time lag. So maybe by some time next year we will see further stabilization of the housing market with the help from central government. Is there a sense that you have these sort of trade in programs for homes full removal of these home purchase requirements. Does that have any sort of impact on the secondary market. I mean could we just see a wave of supply coming through and adding more pressure on prices potentially. I see primary and secondary as a coherent market. Basically you have to stabilize confidence. Then you will see this be over one secondary market transaction and price stabilized. It will be easier for developers to sell primary home. So it's the same thing. And right now it's still quite weak confidence level. That's why the government initiatives will be very important here. But having said that comparing to a few months ago we do see them making more policy positivities and that's helping to limit the downside risk for the Chinese debt deflation problem. What do you think. I know you're an economist not you're not a stock analyst but what has the uptick in the stock market helped with obviously the outlook for profitability and the outlook for confidence in spending in the corporate China. And does it have legs. Do you think. I mean on stock market. I think one fundamental question is OK. China is a stable idea. But how sustainable is this stabilization. And even if it's a stable idea. No. No GDP growth is not in a full fledged recovery. We are talking about four and a half percent. No. GDP growth because CPI PPI GDP deflate. This price indicators are still in negative territory. So I guess for everyone is like with four and a half percent subpar nominal GDP growth. How much upside for China's corporate earning growth. That's the job. You know our sector analysts are doing every day. But I think that's the question like right now. China is a stabilizing but the normality to be growth is still at the subdued level. But to macro economists. I think the good news is back in November December last year everyone is concerned China would be falling off the cliff with the entrenched debt deflation problem. Local government how then. So they will end up like deflation for a very long time. Now stabilizing at the four and a half percent is actually much better than what the people what people feared four or five months ago. What about for the monetary side of things. It's there seems to be some speculation that the PBOC could cut rates when maybe the ECB starts cutting in the summer. Could they do so is at the right timing or do you think they still have to wait for the Fed maybe later on this year. We do see room for PBOC to cut both reserve requirement to ratio and the M L F policy rates. But I think the key here is still can they widen the government deficit use fiscal policy to stimulate the domestic consumption and how they that's more important than just the monetary. Robin great to have you as always Robin Shane Morgan Stanley Chief China Economist joining us here on the back of that data as well here as well. You take a look at how markets are doing. You know it continues to be an up arrow story. I believe we're watching. There's any sort of market reaction to this sort of data that we got where we did see of course when it comes to the industrial side of things to look in strong consumption size to looking weak. The Hang Seng pairing off gains already were just up about half of one percent. H S tech though also pairing some of the gains can't I can pause it. We're now flat. Now T live go has opened up if you want more plenty of analysis or more expert editors and our team breaking down the data for you. You can check that out at T live go. You're looking at live pictures from Beijing is China's economic officials holding that briefing on the back of those April activity numbers here as well. I think that's a good point. I think that's a good point. I think that's a good point. I think that's a good point. I think that's a good point. I think that's a good point. I think that's a good point. I think that's a good point. I think that's a good point. I think that's a good point. I think that's a good point. I think that's a good point. I think that's a good point. I think that's a good point. I think that's a good point. I think that's a good point. I think that's a good point. I think that's a good point. I think that's a good point. I think that's a good point. I think that's a good point. I think that's a good point. I think that's a good point. I think that's a good point. I think that's a good point. I think that's a good point. I think that's a good point. I think that's a good point. I think that's a good point. I think that's a really great point. I think that's a good point. I think that's a good point. I have to know the idea do they know the idea do that they know the say. What we're going to deal with is to do with the inventory set of things as well so all right now we're also hearing some breaking news that comes country garden so as expect it as our little red chin had mentioned be that this would be adjourned to a later date as it is. Yeah. And you think of the markets here right now. Look there you are seeing a bit of a reaction to this data. So yes when it comes to industrial production the light that was still a stand out here. But as Robyn Singh from Morgan Stanley just mentioned it's a two speed economy. And it looks like it's diverging further given that retail sales print of 2.3 percent. And so that's why you're seeing the HSI is pairing off games are watching the currency here. We're seeing a spike higher when it comes to dollar China H is tech though still looks pretty strong. But we're already negative when it comes to CSI 300 Shanghai basically has been flat. And there you go. We're only up about 91 points now on the HSI. H chairs are also up. But we are pairing some of those gains here as well. We talked about tech though that still remains quite strong. You take a look at what's been going on with by the Baba was up some 7 percent earlier. We're still seeing gains about six and a half percent. JD. That was an interesting one because it seems like they defied a little bit of some of the economic concerns of a consumption slowdown. And actually doing a little bit better than Ali Baba in some ways this week when it comes to those results but still seeing some downside in the stock buy due though. That one. People were thinking that this was going to be a weak print. But they were still able to eke out some earnings here. But still revenue was I think the slowest in a year or so. But yes four percent pop for those years. Yeah. I think one of the issues with the revenues that they haven't necessarily even though they were a first mover advantage in AI in China with Ernie Botte. They haven't necessarily been able to capitalize on any revenue growth and bite dance is coming in with their own AI generative AI offering called Doh Bao. So again it's a competitive market that's not necessarily providing a lot of revenue sharp gains yet. But again by do did beat the first quarter estimates. Yeah. Cost cutting helping there. Yeah. So I think it was low expectations and while you're seeing upside surprise on the stock here this morning. Let's talk a bit more about what else we're seeing when it comes to this equity market in China. Really is it having some spillover effects in other sorts of markets. And you're sort of seeing that in Japan. So it's giving a fresh impetus to just a host of stocks in Japan that are perhaps exposed to the mainland. And those are also rising here along with their counterparts amid a rebound in the MSCI China index. Let's bring in our Winnie Wu Asia equity reporter joining us from Tokyo with more winning this rally in Chinese stocks seems to be spreading now to other parts of Asia. How is it looking in Japan. Yeah. So we're actually recently seeing a reversal in the earlier trends to buy Japan and sell China. And that's that's happening amid this Chinese equities rallying on the back of more policy support and cheap valuation. And that's helping some of the stocks in Japan specifically the ones that have a lot of China exposure including cosmetic sectors such as Shiseido that actually had some negative impacts from the boycott on the Fukushima water release. And also the industrial sector such as the Yaskawa electric and the Keyans. So we really are seeing these sectors and companies rising along with some of the rising along with the broader Chinese market. And that's also shown in some of the earnings presentations that we're looking at saying that there is some improvement in China the demand from China and also the inventory. And we also heard analysts saying that basically the worst for these stocks have already been priced in. But the key point here is that as we saw in the data just now the industrial seems to be quite strong. However the retail is still weak. So the level of recovery from here is something that a lot of analysts would want to watch. Hey Wendy Steve Engel here. Yeah. You know Shiseido is an interesting company. An example that you met because it should be playing into that overall theme of weaker domestic consumption in China. They get about a quarter of their revenue from China. Yet after they reported their latest earnings the stocks been up about 7 percent since. So it's kind of going against the trend. How do you. The second part of the question is how do you see the overall trend to the Japanese market doing right now with companies like this that have that exposure to China. Right. So I'm over the Japanese market right now is kind of like in the range bound. But most the biggest reason is because it's really weighed on by these macro factors whether it's the war going on in the Middle East or the or the more hawkish tone of the Fed. When it comes to cutting rates. So when you look at the fundamentals of Japanese stocks it still remains very strong. That's cited by you know big big banks from Morgan Stanley J.P. Morgan also BlackRock is still quite positive when it comes to earnings growth when it comes to wage growth or just a corporate governance reform that's going on in Japanese companies. However I would say one key risks that's still on top of the mind of global investors is the volatility of the currency. Right now it's at around one hundred fifty six yen against the dollar. And BlackRock did mention that global investors will have to see that yen to strengthen to about one hundred fifty against the dollar and stabilize around that level for Japanese equities to look attractive to them when it comes to dollar terms returns. Winnie thinking when he shoot their Asia equities reporter joining us out of Tokyo we got plenty more ahead. This is Bloomberg. More from our interview with the J.P. Morgan CEO Jamie Diamond. Now he says he's more worried about inflation than markets appear to be speaking to us at the banks global markets conference in Paris. Diamond says significant price pressures are still influencing the U.S. economy supporting the case for rates to stay higher for longer. I wouldn't call turbulence. We've got we've had good healthy markets for quite a while. You know they kind of predicting a soft landing and you see that in both stock price which are kind of high credit spreads which are kind of low markets which kind of wide open. That's all good. Doesn't tell you what the future is going to be. And I could point a lot of times in history where that was true and the next year wasn't true. And so you know we'll say I don't pay as much attention to monthly numbers as most people do. What do you think the future is for inflation. I'm more worried about it. I mean you know we've had very big fiscal deficits and you know I think the underlying inflation may not go away the way people expected to. And I look at the future like a lot of things we look at a kind of inflationary green economy. The remilitarization of the world. The infrastructure requirements the restructuring of trade fiscal deficits. So I think there are a lot of inflationary forces in front of us that you know may keep it a little bit higher than people expect. So the surprise would be rates are higher inflation a little bit higher. And maybe that will slow growth and and obviously geopolitics the whole different issue. That that can that could be determinative in what our economy does next year. And we just we're just not going to know. But does that mean you think it's 50 50 whether the Fed cuts or hikes. Yeah I really don't pay that much attention to that. The Fed will have to follow the data. And I don't know what the data is going to say. But they I think you know they are doing the right to be patient right now. See what's going to happen. They may not know for a couple of months. But no big correction. If you don't pay that much attention to it means you're not worried about it. No I'm worried. I just said stocks are very high. I think the chance of inflation is going to stay higher rates going up or higher than the people think. So I think the chance of my view is whatever the world is pricing it for a soft landing. I guess I have that. I think the chance of something going wrong was higher than people think. In the US globally. So I'd say in the US but also that could affect globally. And so that what does that mean for markets. Maybe down. And credit spreads we got gap out. So why is the market pricing that in. A lot of happy talk. Where does that happy talk come from. Low rates central banks are going to reduce reduce rates. You know maybe the geopolitical things disseminate don't cause problems. And so the future isn't predictable like that. So I'm a student in history. I've watched all the inflection points. You go back and my dad was a stock broker. I go back to the booming markets 72 and the collapse of 74. The healthy markets of 80 the collapse of 82. You know the 87 market crashed in 1990 real estate crashed. And almost all of them were not predicted the year before. So I look at these factors that drive these things are not always known as a company would prepare for all of us. We can serve all our clients regardless. But what do you see as the main stress right now. Because if it's geopolitics we talk about it. It's just not really priced in. Where does where does it distress. Is it something actually going under that you worry about. Or just a multiple factors coming at the same time. I think geopolitics could create the main stress that we're worried about in terms of oil and gas prices trade alliances. But I think the surprise would be higher rates because inflation didn't go down. Then inflation has been stubborn maybe bounces up next year. I think inflation next year may be in the cards may have nothing to do with what you're seeing today. So I'm that to me is the surprise. If you had higher rates and God forbid stagflation. Yeah you'll see stress in real estate and leverage companies and some private credit and things like that. Jamie Diamond there the JP Morgan CEO speaking to Bloomberg's Francine Laqua take a look what comes to markets. It seems like that sort of mixed data out of China is really kind of dragging things right now particularly when it comes to effects. So we're seeing weakness in the currency. This is all her yen were at one fifty five also. So it's also a yen story here after the Bank of Japan left those bond purchase amounts unchanged. Ozzy also is lower here this morning. This is Bloomberg. All right just recapping the big data dump that we just got at the top of the hour. So it continues to be a lopsided economy as some have described it here. Take a look at the beat that we saw when it comes to industrial output of 6.7 percent. But you pair that with fixed asset investment down to about 4.2 percent gains their retail sales also missed 2.3 percent. That's the lowest print we've seen since twenty twenty two. It just goes to show. And the questions of how sustainable this sort of two track economy can really be. Steve. Yeah. This these numbers don't surprise me one bit. I mean we already know the consumption trends are quite weak. Nobody wants to catch a falling knife in property. Also even in cars and other things you know retail sales are just the bad side of the coin. Yeah. And those new home prices are actually getting worse in terms of the contractions that we've seen in April. So I think that's what's dragging the markets. But property has been up because on speculation that they're talking about in Beijing perhaps could come up with some sort of silver bullet. Yeah. The Bloomberg property gauge has basically gone up 50 percent since the April Lowe's on just pure speculation. Right. Of what's going to happen this day council meeting between government officials financial sector leaders regulators. Housing is to be lived in not speculated. Well yeah we'll see if we hear any of that sort of language here. You take a look at how the CSI 300 is doing though we're back to negative territory here so that weaker data I guess when it comes to retail sales property. That's really what's dragging things we were seeing about 300 points the upside in the hang saying we basically faded that now we're just slightly up about a fifth of 1 percent right now. But tech I mean still resilient though we've paired off some of those gains here as well. But certainly the standouts include Alibaba by do here today that is lifting that index in terms of the broader region what we're seeing in Asia. So I think we're still around those two year highs. But you take a look at what we've been seeing the records that were set in Europe the S&P the Nasdaq overnight that also also came off and we kind of didn't see that much more buying activity as well. There's still that sort of higher for longer narrative that's still weighing on maybe risk assets here today. So we're still a bit of the back foot. But HSI we're still set for a fourth week of gains mind you US futures are unchanged. The dollar is slightly catching a bit here given just the weakness that we're seeing the red man beat the yen. Gosh we're back to 156 levels now from getting closer maybe to 160 then 150 Steve as well. Yeah. The end can't seem to get any momentum as soon as it starts to appreciate there was some intervention and then it's weakening again. Yeah. So B.O.J. didn't do much when it comes to changing how many bonds are going to buy. That's what the disappointment lies I guess. Let's talk about China now because there's also it's been a busy day. But this is what's upcoming as well. China's first issuance of special ultra long bonds on Friday is happening and expected to see some solid demand. Let's bring in our Bloomberg opinion column is surely ran. She says the impact of the sale will depend on who buys them and what's the funding meant for. Let's try to tackle those questions. Surely she's here with us. So how do you think these funds are going to be used. Well the Chinese government has been very vague about this. These special funds they're kind of like a wirecard. They're not in the fiscal budget or deficit in this case. And you can use them for anything. The last time it was an issue was 2020. It was clearly for COVID relief. So this time people are speculating how that one trillion yen is going to be spread around across industries. I mean if you read the Chinese government's readout it looks like they use a lot of the present Xi Jinping's new jargons such as a new productive forces. High quality economic growth. That makes you think that he's going to put money backing to the industrial sector. However here's the catch. This time they talked about demand. They they worried about the still weak domestic demand. And that perhaps is a catchphrase for perhaps helping the housing sector. And that that's why the real estate developer stocks have been jumping like crazy. Right. People just expect that a big chunk of the one trillion yen will be used for the government to buy unsold homes. China doesn't need more industrial capacity. Does it. No. Its biggest problem is property. You mentioned about 2020. The last time they did this special ultra long bonds. That was for COVID relief. That was the biggest pressing issue. The two times before 1998 was recapitalizing the state banks of pressing the head of their eventual listings. Right. And then 2007 they topped up the sovereign wealth fund. So property I would assume for only four times they've issued these bonds in 26 years. Property is the biggest drag. Yes. And Stephen you are totally with the global investors thinking people do think that a big chunk of the money will be used for the government to clear unsold access inventory. And in fact the political meeting at the end of April they talked about that. They talked about digesting unsold housing stock. And that was the first time they used those access applied language since mid 2016. Surely. Thank you. Surely run joining us here. We're going to pay in columnist. Of course this ultra long bond sale happening here today. Let's bring our next guest and it's a NIP is Asia head of fixed income research at UPP. She's also joins us here in the studios and it's always great to have you. We're anticipating this this bond auction in China. What are you anticipating in terms of demand. I think the demand will be strong because overall there's still lacking of like long data bonds in China. And most of it is like you know short data or medium term. So that's why we reckon that the domestic would be happy to go for the long end to lock in some of the yield as well. How do you square these two narratives that are going on that there seems to be a sentiment which could be bullish for these CGVs that there's going to be more fiscal stimulus or monetary easing by the PBOC. But then you have these warnings from the PBOC talking about buying up these bonds as well. I think they are just trying to uphold the yield curve as well such that as we expect there could be more issuance going forward. I think that's an important creating the curve as well as you know like creating and technically supportive environment as well. But again we reckon that you know the demand for long data bond should be you know quite well received in China. And then just overall for Chinese credits is the SOE theme still strong. In a way I would say yes because technically a lot of Chinese investors are still trying to buy the strategically important. I think people are still looking at quality credits in general in China like China SOE China Tech Names. But then foreign investor participation may be less than before before it's sort of like you know the property turmoil. But overall Chinese bits are still very keen in terms of supporting the credits. Looking broadly you're saying Asia still plays to find Kerry. Right. Yeah. That's right. OK. Well I mean like first of all I look at you know what the Fed path looks like. Well we think would be sticky inflation was still going forward. But then one data on the core CPI seems to be lower right. But it doesn't really sort of change the trend yet. I think that would be patient in terms of like you know looking forward. So we reckon that there could be only one rate cut in December. And therefore at the moment we won't you know like looking at the fixed income that's having capital gain. But rather I think you know you need that for your Kerry in the portfolio. Well that's an interesting point. If you think the rate cut is going to be pushed to December that's really pushing it towards the end of the year. There the Fed do you think could go the year without a cut. Potentially I would say really data dependent because at the moment we it's very difficult for us to look at the trend inflation. You know I said one data lower but doesn't mean to be the trend and non found payroll number last week was weaker than expected. But then you know it's again just one number. So we need to see the trend potentially we think December would having one record. But potentially if the inflation still remains sticky. Fed may not cut at all in 2024. So it's still sort of like you know having different scenario. But we reckon it's still December having the cut. What does it mean for treasuries. And put it this way for the 10 years at the moment is around 4.5. You know come down from the 5% the main reason also because of a MC meeting after that they mentioned about the balance sheet reduction in terms of among its you know we deal from 60 to 25 actually supportive to the treasuries itself especially a 10 years. Now what we are looking at at the moment would be at around 4.5. It's like you know a level that could be supported. And into the summer we think it could stay around 4.3 5 around that. You see 4.3 5 is also sort of like a strong resistance level for it to go lower. So but next year we reckon the 10 years could you know you could back up because we worry that that could be more issuance going forward. So we still like short data bond. You know because of the inverter curve. We will prefer the short end of the US treasuries. We like to go around the world. It's the China show. But we can talk about Japan as well. Obviously the B.O.J. kind of rising down its longer term CPI inflation outlook. But again everyone's looking for the B.O.J. to potentially hike. So what does that mean essentially for a hiking this year for the B.O.J. October maybe. Right. OK. At the moment since the B.O.J. are still sort of optimistic. You know they can manage the inflation. They lower the forecast in 2025 1.7 2.1. And average long term will be around 1.5. So meaning still you know pretty optimistic positive. So we reckon like you know potentially 10 basis point cut in in October we still on the table. But I think you know because the magnitude is so small. I just don't particularly think that that would be Hi. Yes. Yes. You always talk about. You know. It should be high. Yeah. So overall we reckon that the impact should be minimal because the magnitude would be you know no substantial. So 10 basis point hike. Is that going to do anything for a dollar yet. No really. So that's why we reckon that you know Japan still would intervene about the movement on the end. They don't want it to you know we can so quickly. But at the same time I think Fundamentally you know the end you know should be at around just because they announced this week that they're going to be buying less bonds. We saw it certainly J.G.B. yields move but not dollar yet. Are we are we going to see that those two be basically be divorced. You know it's it's in two you know different ways going at the moment. A lot of like different factors affecting the yen. But you know J.G.B. would be more by what the central banks would like to do. We just got these national Bureau of Statistics numbers coming after the data dump in China. CPI expected to recover moderately from low levels. But that doesn't necessarily mean that they're going to be hiking. Anything from the PBOC is still easing to get this economy. CPI is really muted. Exactly. I think you know easing would be the way to go forward in particular. They are looking for like you know a GTP number of like you know five five percent. So I think easing definitely the path they are going. They could be cut in terms of like triple R. But I think they would you know have a look at the different data is going forward first. What do you make of all this talk of property stimulus. I mean we've seen junk bonds basically rally to the highest we've seen in three years. Yeah. Are you participating in any way in the junk market. In a way. OK. Yes. Put it this way. There's reason news about they are clearing the inventory. You know in China right. Like trying to buy some of the properties at this kind of prices. But I think the move definitely would have to look at you know the details of the plan. What's the impact of that. You know on the other secondary prices in the property market. We reckon for those who've been defaulter they would still go for restructuring. There's no doubt about it. Liquidity is pretty tight still in the property market. You see the April sales number is not good at all. But those who you know been surviving put this way. I think that would definitely help them with the liquidity. But I think you know still a story that we need to monitor. OK. And it's a thank you so much. It's a nip there. Asia had a fixed income research at UPP joining us here. And of course you're looking at those live pictures from Beijing as China's economic officials holding that briefing when it comes to those numbers. And certainly we talked about right CPI expected to recover moderately from low levels improvement in services demand is what's helping to boost that CPI. And I think it's some of the economists that we've talked to Steve still think but maybe we could still see a positive print on CPI maybe later on this year. But we're still talking low level. We're talking low low numbers right now for inflation. It is not a primary concern right now of the PBOC. Yep. They're still saying the economic recovery faces challenges and the uncertainty of external environment also rising as well. We'll have more coming up through when it comes to the national view statistics and the like here. We'll leave it there. If you want to take in more on this conference. Go to live go. You can watch from there. You also find the big diary entries and big stories coming out later on this week. As some of the events you may have missed earlier as well. You can check out those out there. Plenty more head. This is Bloomberg. Well the Philippine Central Bank Governor Ali Ramilomo says that he wants to see looser liquidity with current policy becoming tighter than necessary. He spoke to us exclusively after the central bank held its key rate but signaled a readiness to pivot to cuts. Still hawkish but less so than before. It may put pressure on the peso but so far it hasn't. The peso opened at 57 53 this morning. That's only seven cents. That was weaker than than last night. So so far it hasn't really affected the peso. OK. It seems like right now 57 58 seems to be that magic number. People kind of bring up about whether the B.S.P. would intervene. How far would you go in defending the currency. Well yesterday we didn't intervene at all. We were happy with the with the movement of the peso but if there's stress then we might come in. Stress means a large offer sizes high volatility and then we might intervene. Is it a wait and see kind of approach right now as well on the possible intervention when you were seeing that maybe the Fed though will not cut until December at the earliest according to some of the expectations. Is this a strong dollar story right now that you're battling against with the peso. Yes. Yes. It's been a strong dollar all along. Broadly strong dollar for the past several weeks. So we we don't feel obliged to intervene. But we want to keep the market orderly. Governor also we heard some comments from you saying that perhaps some of these maritime incidents off the Philippines in the South China Sea with China have had an impact on on the peso. What are you seeing the direct correlation there. Well any any incident seems to affect the peso a bit so far so far not so sharply. But recently none none at all the incidents have not affected the peso. OK governor is there a concern in any way of the pass through of a weaker peso to inflation dynamics. Now is that a concern to you in any way. The past through has been very small for because the movements of the peso have been small. But that's not to say that if the peso we can sharply the past through maybe significant. But so far it's it's been it's been small. It's been it's been there but small. What do you think you need to see to warrant that that cut in August. Governor Ramiloma. You know are the inflation dynamics. Do you think inflation will still remain in target of that two to four percent. Also domestic demand. Can that continue to soften or are there upsides risks to both of those scenarios. There are there are upsides risks to both scenarios. But so far the peso. I mean the inflation rate has been has been looking good. It's been trending down. And the output growth has has remained intact. So those are those are pieces of good news for us which makes us more confident about possibly easing in the second half of this year. That was the B.S.P. Governor L.A. Ramiloma. They're speaking exclusively to us here on The China Show. We're taking a look at what it comes these currencies. Obviously we've been talking about that peso and we see a little bit of recovery in the currency. Perhaps that's why the B.S.C. is breathing a little bit better here these days and being a little bit less hawkish. But there you go. We're still seeing some weakness across the board. But really it is a weakness across Asia FX here today. You talk about the dollar getting a bit of firmer dollar yen inching ever so close to the one fifty six levels here right now. The B.O.J. not doing much in terms of those bond operations here today. The Aussie and Remembe continuing to see that weakness. The Remembe really is a double whammy between the weaker yen also weaker data or at least mixed data in terms of the activity data out in April as well. We got plenty more ahead. This is Bloomberg. Here's a look at your China brief this morning. A look at what's making headlines in national newspapers and trending online. So Chinese state media remains focused when it comes to Vladimir Putin the Russian president state visit with the story in the front page of all the major papers and China news agencies main report calls China Russia ties a fine example of major country relations saying it's not targeting any third party. Now Putin's visit comes as both sides prepared to mark the 75th anniversary of diplomatic relations. She says those relations are good for global peace and stability and Steve I feel like it's more about an affirmation or reaffirmation of these ties more than maybe that's something that's a deeper cooperation. Russia wants that. But I think China just kind of wants to keep the status quo at this point. Yeah they don't want to necessarily project any kind of weakness in their no limits partnership at this point. Especially at a time when Washington is adding sanctions potentially on China and also of course Russia. Let's continue with the geopolitical theme. Yvonne the Global Times is reporting how a Philippine citizen convoy has been prevented by Chinese forces from sailing to a disputed reef in the South China Sea. The article quotes a source saying the convoy was stopped 50 nautical miles from the Scarborough Shoal known as Huang Yan Tao to the Chinese. But the group behind the mission told the Philippine media that they did manage to deliver food and fuel to fishermen on the reef despite being shadowed by Chinese vessels. Yeah that issue also trending on Webot this morning. Take a look at what we've been seeing what users are commenting on. It seems like it's sort of the same sort of tone. You know some saying that seems that these tensions the South China Sea are ramping up lately. Some are saying Philippines is provoking China again. But if you hit them once they will back off. Also some saying bring some reporters on to their vessels and come back with the story of being bullied by China. That's the Philippines playbook. But yeah you continue to see that the South China Sea remains still that very area hot spot of where these geopolitical tensions lie. And where does the U.S. fit into all this as well. Obviously it's a big well. The Marcos administration has been a little bit more friendly to the United States and it's it's created off obviously some of this geopolitical tension with Beijing. So yeah in terms of the financial papers is a lot of talk about what what we're hearing when it comes to the sale of ultra long bonds. Right. So this is the PBOC back financial news is setting some analysts saying that the reasonable range for these bonds is likely going to be two and a half to three percent. That's just based on long term expectations for economic growth. So basically signaling demand could be pretty solid here. That's around those levels that we're seeing the 30 year right now. Shanghai securities news also saying that China's stock exchanges are drafting detailed rules to tighten regulation on programmed trading. Now it says that they include monitoring of quote abnormal transactions as well as oversight of trading activity through the northbound link. There's also a report from the securities daily saying that more cities are expected to buy unsold homes and turn them into affordable housing. Now it says experts see this practice playing a crucial role in the stocking the real estate market. Something that we heard from Robin sheen is while you're hearing some of these cities or at least some districts trying out these sort of programs first on the local level before maybe we'll see something more upscale. Again the question is how much of this unsold inventory are they going to come in and possibly buy. I mean the bill is going to be big. Robin sheen was talking about three to four trillion you want. That's half a trillion US dollars. What 500 billion US dollars. And they're going to have to issue a lot more bonds than one trillion dollars a worth on the terms of these ultra long bonds that comes out here today as well. It really is the story about I think all the things that we're tracking Steve today. I think what's really been dragging is really the data. Right. I mean at the end of the day if the macro picture is still going to look pretty bad. You know this market cannot continue to rally in some ways. Right. You're focusing more on the fundamentals now. And what you're seeing is that yes industrial production improve. But the divergence between what you're seeing in the consumption side of things is just getting wider. Yeah. And the National Bureau of Statistics still going on the press conference after the data dump they're saying the economy has continued to pick up and improve. The strong economy could resolve the impact of external shocks. That's to a question about the possibility of US tariffs. OK. So they're responding a little bit to that as well. Of course we're still waiting for any sort of response from Beijing on that new home prices. This is where I think was the biggest. Maybe bigger disappointment in the data today. So we basically saw prices fall for 11 straight months on a month on month basis. But even the drop in April was actually steeper than what we saw in the previous almost to be expected on. That's the reality. This speculation is on what's going to come out of that meeting in Beijing. Lots of bets on that as well. We're taking a look at markets here on the back foot now. This is Bloomberg.