 Investor sentiment clearly has picked up when the market is up what the CSI 300 index up 13% since February 1st. That's good. Again the question still remained around fundamentals. But property. You mentioned it in the beginning one. We're seeing the the the fundamentals there are not improving. What would you want to hear from any potential meeting that is happening in Beijing right now about property rescue measures and how much that's going to potentially cost the local governments as well as the central government. The banks. Yeah. So I think fundamentally you know they are supply and demand side of the issue for the demand side. The key is to make property desirable again because for the past a few years you know with this properties for living or for speculation home prices been falling and people are not going to buy a depreciating asset. Right. So the key is to change the expectation to make people have the confidence on property price that is going to stabilize or even have room for long term appreciation. Now you know. That probably need a strong momentum in terms of a package of policies in the past two three years we've seen a lot of piecemeal easing which is not helping which didn't help. Right. So this time hopefully we can create enough momentum to make people want to buy property again. And then on the supply side you know the desolving measures I think is great initiative. But really like you said come down to how much funding. Who's going to pay for that. Right. Now if we're hearing that the commercial buying is providing long. That's fine. But who's borrowing. Yeah. Is that some central entity or is a local government. LGAV. Because if it's local government LGAV then I worry that the scale the speed of execution will still be constrained because we all know the physical strength constraint and the debt issues of some local governments. And so when it comes to how you look at stocks I mean is it still you you look at it all in one consumption sort of downgrade or can you actually find and divorce the property story with the rest of the consumption story. Yeah. So a few weeks ago we did a publisher report on the smart consumer story. So you know it's true that property prices going down which has some negative effect on the home buy on the consumer confidence. Right. So people have become more selective in terms of what they are paying where they are spending the money. There is the consumption downgrade trend. But we also highlight that household overall balance sheet remain quite solid. Right. So people have the ability and willingness to pay for products or services that can make them feel good or provide functional value. So you need to have a value proposition. Either emotional value make them feel good health care beauty product. You know alcohol alcohol. Snow sports were super popular last year. That's not a cheap sport. Or you provide functional value. You know so online education. People still want to pay right. Or low sugar drinks right. Health drinks otherwise provide value for money. That's the consumption downgrade.