 Copper prices, it's been on a massive run since the start of the year. You can take a look at this move to the upside here on your screen. Year to date, we're looking at gains of just around 30%. Now, this latest move higher that has really picked up steam here in the last couple of trading days. A lot of that has been attributed to this supply squeeze that we've got going on the surge in demand that we will likely see for AI green cap expending. That's likely to go on. That has been fueling this surge that we are seeing higher in copper prices. Here we are today with that jump of just about 30%. Now, I want to point out what had really stuck out to me is the difference of what we're seeing, the divergence between the pricing in New York and in London. When you take a look at that gap that's playing out for the June and July, you can see a massive gap here, sitting in a recent note pointing out that's normally around 90 bucks a ton here. We have certainly seen that wide divergence here, almost at record level. That, of course, points maybe to the squeeze that could potentially be happening here as traders maybe try to position themselves for what they expected to see. There's a snapback of that premium and the price of the US copper right now. But clearly that has yet to take place. So an interesting dynamic that is going on in the price of copper right now. And also to compare that to some of the excitement that we've seen in other commodities. First, let's take a look at gold, because when you take a look at the price of copper versus gold, you can see coppers even outperforming gold here. Really taking over at the end of last month, you can see gold futures up just around 16, 17% year to date versus almost a double here that we've seen in the price of copper, which is up just about 30%. And we have seen the shift to many of these commodities here, catching a bid. We were talking to a guest earlier, strategist earlier in the hour, talking about the fact that some traders are trying to hedge against inflation, buying some of these commodity prices. So that has been fueling some of the gains. But we've almost seen this excitement play out across the board. And we want to take a look at the gains that we have seen more broadly speaking beyond commodities year to day. And this is a great chart here. You've got copper by far the outperforming. You take a look at some of these sectors here or place that's up 31%. Like I said, you've got tech stocks and gold both up just around 20%. Utilities also catching a bid. So you've seen this excitement play out in equities, in gold, in copper, commodities. So investors really trying to find different pockets of the market, trying to position their portfolio as best as certainly. And in certain a couple of months ahead. So here to talk more about what is driving copper specifically higher. And where do prices go from here? Is there much upside here from these levels? We want to bring in John LaForge, he as well as Fargo's head of real asset strategy joining us now. And John, talk to me just about what you attribute this recent rise to and whether or not there is much room to the upside from these current levels. Well, I'd say that the most recent move, so this move to five, let's call it $4 a pound to $5 was more speculators. It was essentially contract based. There was an arbitrage going on. So essentially you saw a little bit of a short squeeze. But that can only really happen because underneath the surface, you have these fundamentals where we frankly are not producing enough copper. And yet there are buyers everywhere right now for copper. Across the globe, it doesn't matter if it's China, India, the United States. Everyone's pushing to go green. And copper is the number one metal when it comes to that type of future. There's really no substitute for what copper does. And so underneath the surface, you really have good fundamentals. But I'd say this last little move, so we're up 30% on the year. Let's call it the last 10% to 15% was much more speculator based and wasn't about fundamentals. John, to the extent that we can, what is the kind of, as you were mentioning, the international marketplace here for copper as well? To what extent is this and the broader commodities landscape right now really hinging on geopolitical kind of factors? For copper, not much. What's generally happening now is if you go back since COVID, commodities are one of the best performing major assets out there, period. They kind of go under the radar and that's across the board. And that's because frankly, it's not geopolitical. It's the fundamentals underneath commodities. There isn't enough supply. Demand tends to rise through time. And I'm talking decade after decade after decade. Mankind uses more and more commodities. So you have demand going up all the time, just a little bit. One, one and a half percent a year. Supply is the kind of key in here. So the last four years, we haven't had enough supply across the board, whether you're talking copper, gold, oil, it almost doesn't matter. So what you really have is a commodity supercycle that started four years ago that's pushing all commodities higher. So I'd say it's less geopolitical and much more the underlying fundamentals. You probably have another six to 10 years left of really strong commodity performance. Well, that really puts in perspective. John, I'm curious when we talk about the divergence or the gap between what we're seeing the pricing action in the US versus what we're seeing in London, that chart that we had up there earlier in the segment. Is that because going back to what you were just saying about supply, supply is tighter here in the US or just exactly why we're seeing such a wide gap? Yeah, supplies are tighter here. So you have a lot of the refiners, take the Chinese refiners, are trying to get ships and trying to get it here. So the situation, if you look at Shanghai, it's not nearly as dire from a supply perspective. In fact, inventories right now for refined copper are at, let's call it two and a half year highs in Shanghai. So it's not that bad. This is much more about futures contracts and something quirky that happened in the United States that we were running dry on refined product. And you had some speculators coming in and taking advantage of that on a futures basis. Doesn't change the fact, though, we're going to look out a year from now in two and three. And we're probably going to be stuck with the same dynamic, which is you have roughly about 5% more demand growth in the world than we do supply growth with copper. So prices are going higher longer term. Maybe this little squeeze we've seen deflates a little bit over the coming months, but generally I'd expect prices to be higher. Is copper a perhaps annexed chip trade here as well? No, I mean, we could frame it that way in the short term. I kind of like that. But generally, no, I'd say if you look around the globe, we just don't have the supply. So we could say it's some type of chip play or our play between China and the United States and so on. But if you look at the major producers in the world, the countries, this is just about supply. Only the Congo saw an increase in ore production, copper ore production last year. The other major areas, all flat. Last year, all flat. And we're talking US, China, Canada, you name it, right down the line. We just don't have the ore production. And yet, if you think of the globe, everyone's kind of in this, I don't want to say irrational world, but they just want to be green. So price doesn't matter as much and they just kind of push forward. So I'd say it's, you know, chips, of course, use a lot of copper, same with, you know, EVs and you name it. But I wouldn't put it on chips. I put it on just generally, there's a lot of buying and it's not always rational buying. They're just willing to pay whatever price there is out there because they want to move forward with, again, whether it's chips, green world, you name it. It's kind of this buying that's persistent and isn't going to stop anytime soon. All right, John LaForge, always great to get your insight. Thanks so much for hopping on with us this morning. Wells Fargo, head of Real Asset Strategy. We appreciate it. Thank you.