 Beyond the Bell Bloomberg's comprehensive cross-platform coverage of the U.S. market close starts right now. And right now we are two minutes away from the end of the trading day. Romain Bostic alongside Alex Steele. We're counting you down to the closing bell and here to help take us beyond the bell. It's a global simulcast with Tim Stenevich. And oh Carol has a day off. Chanel Baskin for Carol Master who was taking a well deserved once again four day week. Welcome to all of our audiences across all of our Bloomberg platform. Chanel. How are you feeling. I'm feeling good. I am very much here for you today. Romain. Thank you. Somebody is Tim. How about you. I'm feeling good as well. I'm also here for you. But I'm also wondering where the action is when it comes to the equity market today. And I think kind of everyone after a big week thanks to a couple of Fed friendly economic data prints. But I think people are taking a step back. Chanel and saying OK well Wednesday we get Nvidia earnings that's like the next big catalyst for big moves. Yeah. In the middle of the week it was kind of like everything is fine. Everything was exuberant. You had some key moments really past the market. But there was divergence in indices today. And when we looked at the bond market we are back above 480 guys. I was looking at that 480 level all week and seeing if we were going to breach it. And indeed we have although still some optimism there in the bond market around the potential for cooling inflation and lower rates ahead. I just feel like the equity market just doesn't care about the bond market. Like whether they move in tandem and you have seen that happen this week or you see higher yields. I mean it feels like if we're going to set up for a range anything below five for the 10 years seems to be something that the equity market can digest at this point. Yeah that's the thing. I mean we keep pulling our hair out of what the Fed is going to do next. What's on work. And look I get it. I get that there's got to be some sort of awareness as to what the Fed does next. But I don't know. I mean we hit record highs yesterday. It looks like at least on a couple of the indices we're hitting another record highs here. So I don't know if five and a half didn't break this market and that's the velocity to five and a half didn't break the market. Why is saying it five and a half. Why am I supposed to believe that's going to break the market as well. Let's walk you through the numbers here because a relatively good day and an extremely good week here. The Dow Jones Industrial Average would spend a good portion of the day in the red and yesterday traded above 40,000 but could not hold that level into the close. Now it looks like it is going to close at that 40,000 level. You like nice round numbers where you got one. Yeah. Put your hat on Alex. You finally timed the word. 4,000. Oh oh four point four one. I don't know if your hat just says 40,000 or if you were precise enough to pick that. But that's good enough for a three tenth of a percent gain on the day. The S&P 500 back above back above fifty three hundred six points higher a tenth of a percent on a percentage basis. The NASDAQ composite though it's going to finish the day in the red but only fractionally down about a tenth of a percent. Similar story for the NASDAQ 100 and the Russell 2000. We're just going to call it unchanged on the day lower by a fraction of a percent. But we should point out all the major indices posting weekly gains. Taking a look at under the hood of the S&P 500. We did see two hundred ninety stocks move higher on the day today. Two hundred and eleven ended up moving lower Alex. So not quite equally split but pretty close. No but it's really the cyclicals that are doing it today for the S&P. I'm taking a look at IMAP right now. So energy is up by over one percent outperforming the rest of the sectors within the S&P. Then you have materials obviously driven by what we're seeing copper and gold and silver. And then you have the financials. Finances are up by about six tenths of one percent. So from that perspective relatively broad based on the negative side you get tech actually underperforming information technology down by about five tenths of one percent consumer staples and real estate trading a little bit light as well. But I got you know it's so hard to make a lot of hay out of what we're seeing to be honest and remain you know I really do agree with you too that if we got past certain hurdles for the bond market and if earnings continue to deliver and earnings growth and sales estimates continue to rise. I mean how do you not buy stocks at this point. Yeah I can't just say though I am a little worried and you know one in a while because I feel like the earnings season is over right. The economic data is kind of coming to a trickle. So is this all going to be just like hopes and dreams that people are going to buy or do we have to kind of wait for I guess well I guess into July when we get into the next earning cycle or something like that. I don't buy into the selling may go away but it does kind of make you wonder what is going to be the upside catalyst. I think maybe in video next week maybe it's June 12th for the next Fed meeting. We're already looking ahead to that. And a lot of Fed speakers between now and then too. So yeah we'll see what actually moves markets. One thing that did move today are the gainers that I got an eye on and I want to talk a little bit about Chubb because it had its best two day period going all the way back to 2020. Thanks in part to what Warren Buffett did over the last few months thanks to a 13 F filing that we got up here into on Wednesday afternoon. Berkshire Hathaway building that stake in the company shares higher once again today finishing higher by 3.6 percent. Chubb shares hitting another record and they've added more than eight billion dollars of market value in those two days. Chubb also did say on a statement yesterday that shareholders approved a boost to its dividend. I want to talk about Reddit because Reddit shares surging today this after the company set it forged a partnership with Open AI that will bring its content to chat GPT and other products while also helping the company add new AI features to its forums. According to a statement from both companies this agreement will quote enable open AI tools to better understand and showcase Reddit content especially on recent topics. So what the deal is going to do it's going to allow open AI to it is to display content from Reddit and also train its AI systems on its partners data. We should note that Reddit's content has long been used to train data for AI models including those of open AI. It's something that they talked a lot about in the run up to the IPO just a couple of months ago. And finally shares of Robin Hood. Oh I read it up by 10 percent today shares of Robin Hood also surging they had their best week of the year because the meme stock mania just continues to grip grip markets 12 percent higher on the day today. Bank of America actually raised their recommendation on Robin Hood to buy from underperform. The analysts noted that rising retail engagement and accelerating organic growth will drive 2025 and 2026 earnings up. So maybe meme stock shinali are here to stay. Perhaps they are actually and we'll talk more about that in just a second here. But I do want to talk about what was down on the day because of course under the hood we know that the picture was a little mixed. I want to start here with Paramount. You did see this being the worst decliner here in the S&P 500 shares down about four point nine percent or so on the day. And of course we know Paramount has been caught up in that acquisition story. What happens to the future of it. And of course there's just kind of other news going on in Hollywood here. You mean representing laborers are in talks with the studios on a new contract for stagehands. And that will resume in early June. So a lot of news on the front for entertainment. I also want to show you Lam research because it was interesting one of the indices that was down on the day was the Philadelphia semiconductor index. Interesting to see it down ahead of Nvidia earnings next week and video also down today. But Lam researched down even more and was a drag on a couple of indexes on the day a little bit. Now you have it down around three point three percent on the day today. Another one I want to point out here is Sunpower. This is where the meme stops come back here. Because of course this was a meme stock driven stock this week. You have seen it take a leg lower after a rally of more than 90 percent over two days. At one point it was down more than twenty three percent on the day. Now down around closing around 13 percent or so. And there was an analyst cut as well at Wolf research downgraded the recommendation on the stock to underperform here. The stock will come back to reality once the short. I was looking at some of the other names too. I mean obviously GameStop is down but like Faraday futures that was down 38 percent. Fiskers down 16 17. So it looks like a lot of these names. I mean it looks like some of them still posted weekly gains but nowhere near those those big jumps that we saw Alex at the start of the week. Yep. I'm taking a look at yields because you know the one thing that will also down is the market. So you'll pop and hire a little bit here. And in the week interesting kind of round trip. If you take a look at sort of the moving averages the two year yield closed above the 50 and 200 day moving averages after kind of blowing below them earlier in the week plus the 10 year is sitting right at that 50 day. And I bring all this up because how we then open on Sunday night and Monday morning could be quite interesting depending on where the technicals kind of suss out. But you are definitely seeing the propensity for higher yields despite stocks and bonds moving together earlier in the week. OK. It's Friday afternoon. I know you know you're getting ready to go to your Hamptons place everybody. But if we want to remain so that's yeah that's where I go to. I don't know. Way too crunchy to go to Hamptons. But if we were in if we were in Florida maybe we'd be getting ready to go to the Hamptons of Wall Street South which is not going to be what is that West Palm Beach. No it's actually going to be Cocoa Beach. An island. In the Bahamas in the Bahamas. Yeah. That's if a developer. Is there like a take you there. Yeah. I mean how do you. There are fast variants. You can take your helicopter. I mean there's options. You can take your own boat. Yeah. You just take my own boat. Oh yes. Why didn't I think of that. A cheap. But you just take it down there too. Yeah sure. Thanks. Why not. You know what though. It's actually pretty close to parts of Florida. It's like you know if you're not stuck on Hamptons traffic on a weekend instead you can take your helicopter from Miami or Wall Street South. What are you. This island. Oh yes. How long does it take to get from New York. Yeah you got to fly down there first. Depends on the mode of transportation. Roman. No OK I'm just saying there's a jitney right outside the office. Yeah they are waiting in line and you got to sit in traffic. So anyway they can't they just do like one of those duck boats and they can just you know just take us right out to shore and yeah but you know it's a sail away. It's hard with all our luggage but this is a really interesting piece you guys should definitely read it. It looks like it could be beautiful. The island would be called Bimini. It's like 48 nautical miles off the coast. Like this is you know this is the Hamptons for the ultra rich down in Wall Street South. I do it. I know people who have done it but the worry here is that too many people do it. Once once people find out about something it gets less fun when everyone's there. It's tough stuff. It's tough stuff. Haven't they been saying about that that about the Hamptons for the last four years. All right. Well we're going to see all you guys at Romaine's a little later this weekend. Please. We have the jitney right now. All right. That is going to do it for Beyond the Bell. It's our cross platform coverage of the market. Close on Bloomberg TV and radio Bloomberg originals in on YouTube. Have a great weekend everyone. We'll be back same time same place on Monday.