 newsmakers and market movers. This is the pulse with Francie Laquan. Well good morning everyone and welcome to the pulse and Francie Laquan here in London with the conversations that matter and here's what's coming up on today's program. A risk sentiment dampened after federal officials warned that interest rates should stay higher for longer pausing another record breaking stock rather. The Chinese retail sales show their slowest rate of growth in a year while Beijing gives its ailing property sector boost easing mortgage lending plus Jamie Diamond tells us he's still more worried about inflation that markets appear to be will have more for more interview with the JPMorgan chief executive. Now also coming up some big interviews on politics and of course on the economy will be spring to the president of Georgia ahead of the Eurogroup and of course we'll also talk to leading wealth manager Daniel Pinto. Let's take a look first thing is first let's look at the European markets map again. We've had a bit of a lot to actually in the week so far and now they did retreat a lot of these stocks for a second day. Again there's been some dialed down bets for a federal reserve policy easing and that seems to be weighing in on a sentiment. A couple of other things we need to watch out for. Rich more actually has a new chief executive officer up more than six percent and then if you look at some of the biggest banks again they're a little bit higher after gaining already 21 percent this year. Now to talk about the markets to talk about the Fed to talk about inflation and everything between let's bring in Patrick Armstrong his chief investment officer at Plurimi while Patrick's so so good to speak to you. We've had a good week right it by certain metrics but at the same time at CPI Prince means that the markets are now you know expecting the feds to kind of you know not panic is that right. Inflation is too high growth is too strong the employment backs drop is too strong for the Fed to even be considering cuts in the next few months. So as the summer plays out the employment backdrop may weekend there's cracks starting to emerge a little bit but it's still a very robust employment market. Wage growths out stripping inflation. Anyone who wants to work has a job. There's one point four job openings for every unemployed person. So it wouldn't make sense to be cutting and just markets show you there's a lot of liquidity slushing around in markets you can just see movements beam stocks things like that. So it's not surprising the feds not talking about cutting inflation I think is going to be sticky persistent and it's what's going to make the debt dynamics work is nominal economic growth real economic growth will be there but nominal growth is what makes debt to GDP ratios start to work. So you need inflation to be part of the solution even. Yeah and Patrick we also spoke to Jamie Diamond and this is what he had to say about inflation and possible market correction. Surprise would be higher rates because inflation didn't go down then inflation has been stubborn maybe bounces up next year. I think inflation next year may be in the cards may have nothing to do with what you're seeing today. So I'm that to me is the surprise. Are you expecting a correction in certain parts of markets Patrick. This is always you should always expect a correction you don't know when they're going to come so you have to be ready for it. I don't think multiples are so frothy that equities can't move higher I expect equities to move higher by your end. I think the leaders of the market continue to move forward. So people worry about valuations of the magnificent seven six of the seven for me look very attractive Tesla still the I can't get my head around the valuations there but the dominant market positions the free cash flow the profit margins the fendability of those margins. They demand premium multiples and I think the multiples they're trading at a fair and they are growing so I expect strength in those to continue. We own Novo Nordisk the obesity is the new pandemic of the world. So the stocks that people worry about because they've run so far so fast still look attractive to me. So there could be correction anytime something's run up so far but I'm not worried about the multiples they trade at. But Patrick when you see that you know that is this a really good setup I guess for risk assets. And again if you look at risk assets they're not all created equal. So what do you look at right now. I like risk assets. I came into this year thinking the Fed funds were restrictive and I don't think it is restrictive anymore just the way the economy is holding up that there's been no real negative feedback from where interest rates are. And it just made sense that Fed hikes so quickly there would be repercussions from it and there hasn't been. So I actually think the feds at fairly neutral position right now and growth is continuing with the Fed funds rate where it is. So as long as there's growth as long as there's a fully employed American consumer that drives the economy and the economy is performing better than I expected coming into this year. We're in a no landing scenario in my opinion and that is a good backdrop. You've got Powell who can't cut he says. But he wants to cut. And that means the market wanted to cut markets want him to cut but it just wouldn't make sense for him to cut. But everything he says is I can't cut. But if I need to cut I'm there and that's the put option you want to take risk assets. So the power puts there if something does go wrong and that correction happens or something in the economy forces that correction. I think the Fed's ready. We had of course a story about Rishman today with the change of chief executives luxury stocks were kind of darlings and now they've fallen by quite a lot. Yeah we own Hermes and we've had that for a number of years. We used to own Alvium H a year and a half ago we sold that just as multiples hit 30. But all aspects of the consumer are strong. So a year and a half ago I was hiding in luxury because the mainstream market had some weakness there potentially luxury stocks. There's a real divergence in companies. It's not a tailwind that all luxuries flying right now. Great companies that have the products that people want are doing really well and companies that are a little bit out of fashion right now are missing. So it's not a tailwind for the whole sector. Do you expect more consolidation in Europe. And again valuations have been certainly not at the standards that we see in the US. I don't know whether that also leads to consolidation for example in banks like Sabadelle. Yeah. So we actually just sold BBVA. It's a stock I've held for a while. I think that they're paying up a little bit too much. I do. I think we've been talking about consolidation in European banks for years and years and decades will happen. But yeah it's not good to be buying somebody who's chasing an acquisition. If there's a merger of equals that just makes sense you're going to get better pricing power economies of scale because there it is an overbanked region Europe. Consolidation will happen. I'm just not a fan of a company chasing an acquisition. Anything attractive in bonds at the moment again. Tips are attractive. Yeah. It's compelling as Jamie Diamond is talking about inflation. I think inflation is with us for a generation. It's just populism is printing new money to pay off old debt and that's going to create sticky inflation. So real yield on a tip of 2% you lock in whatever inflation is and get an extra 2% a year. So I like long duration tips. I still like short duration corporates because the Fed cuts may not happen and you're getting a pretty attractive yield at the front end of the curve. What do you do with the ECB. It would be a shock if they didn't. They've told us. Hype. No. Yes. That would be a shock. I mean if they don't do that. Yeah they've told us they're cutting. They they have to cut now. They lose credibility because they've just guided everyone. This cut is happening. And the cut makes sense. The economic backdrop is not as strong in Europe. They want a relative loosening versus the US because the US economies are performing. So the cuts happening from the ECB. What happens after the cuts. So I misspoke because actually the danger is that they cut and then they have to hide. Yeah. Another. Yeah. Inflation is too too fast. It's possibility. I think they've thought it through the ECB actually does have a restrictive rate in my opinion despite being lower than the Fed. And just the European economies got different dynamics and that cut gets it down more to neutral. I don't think unless we have a real global upsurge in growth that they'll have to do an about turn on that. So what happens for attractiveness of European economy. We're also having the EU elections and I don't know whether we're underestimating some of the policies that could actually come out of that. Yeah. There's elections everywhere this year. I think it's 65 percent of the population has got an election in 2024. So politics is always a lot of headline grabbing things. And then it's a bit of it. It doesn't matter as much as you worry most of the time. And I hope that's the case. I'm not really putting much of a wild card from European politics. I think it's steady as you go. And not everything is great in European politics. But it's I don't think we're going to get any shocks from that. OK. Patrick as always. Thank you so much for joining us. Patrick Armstrong there. Chief investment officer at Plurimi. Well now Nicolle rallying the most in a month as unrest in New Caledonia raises concerns about further disruption to supplies from the French territory. Now the South Pacific Archipelago which was the world's third biggest producer of the EV battery metal last year has been racked by violent riots this week due to a change in voting rules. Now that's disrupted output from French minor Aramette which is running its local unit at minimum capacity. So we'll have plenty more on that story as well. This is Bloomberg. Now George's prospects of joining the EU are in jeopardy after the ruling party passed a foreign agent bill. Now under the law foreign funded NGOs and independent media would have to register with the government. Now the ruling party says the bill is necessary for transparency. But the legislation has triggered massive protests and drawn condemnation from the US from the EU and from NATO. Well we're delighted to be joined by Salome Subar Shvili the president of Georgia who has said she will veto the law. Madam president thank you so much for joining us. Do you think that this law could still be stopped or reversed. It has been stopped and rejected last year by the same mass demonstrations and protests from our European and foreign American partners. But it has been reintroduced despite the promise by the government that they will never do so. And the way they have introduced it and debated it in the parliament without allowing the opposition really to be present even does not make me hope that they are going to withdraw it. And frankly by now it doesn't matter very much whether they withdraw this law or not because it's a whole picture that is very concerning. All other laws that have been going running against the recommendations made by European Union in order for us to be able to apply for opening negotiation of accession. So the whole range of on one side laws that go against the absence of laws that are required in the fields where we are supposed to make progress. There is nothing to be done. And the third part is the rhetoric which is very anti Western anti European from the top to the bottom of the ruling party from the other president even is really to all the leaders that speak the same language and call our partners of 30 years that have really built our state and its independence and its development. They're called foreign agents that want to subvert the country that want to be stabilized that want to overthrow the government. This is a very Russian language. That's Russia. That's what Russia is always saying. Madam president what is his promise. So how how much concern has there been in your discussions with the US and with the EU. And what does this mean to possibly exceed EU membership. Well it means that we are at a very concerning point that the measures taken and the term taken by the authorities is not leaving us in that direction. And that's why you see this massive demonstrations up to 200,000 people and it's a 37 state a 38th day of demonstrations. And that explains it's this major concern that we might be losing a very important chance and that chance might not come back in the future. And that would be the responsibility of the government. So there is concern in the society. There is concern among our partners. But we still have a chance because we have a close by elections next October. And I think that after this very clear demonstration expression of the will of the people on the streets. Now we need to have a very clear expression of the will of the people in the elections to confirm that the road they want is a road to Europe and nothing else. So it will be a kind of great. Yeah. Are you in the more immediate time actually concerned about the increase in violence and the crackdown on protesters. I am concerned when you have in a row 38 days of demonstrations. Well we are very pacific protesters. I have to underline that because there are basically young people but not only and there has not been one single car burned or one shop vandalized during all these demonstrations. So that shows the type of demonstrations we have where people sing and dance. But of course the violence that is exerted by the police forces and especially by special forces can always escalate. That's why I think that we have to be very careful that our partners have to put pressure on the authorities to stop the intimidation that we have. People are arrested including their homes because they have been seen and photographed on the demonstrations. So that should be the pressure that we need today from our partners Europeans and Western partners. And then we will need support to prepare for the elections. Madam President you've called this a you know this law Russian law. Does this go to the fact that basically it's a battle in Georgia over who to align with Russia or the West. There is no battle in Georgia. Georgia you have to remember is a country that has been fighting for its independence from many countries over the centuries but from Russia still since 1801. So it's very clear for us who is the country that wants to occupy Russia or Georgia and who are our friends and partners that have been supporting Georgia's independence and development. And the Georgia independence is directly today for 80 percent of the population. And that explains the high numbers linked to Georgia's independence. We know that those two cannot be deleted. That's why such a reaction and that's why such a strong support to our European future. But why do you think the founder of the ruling party actually wants this law. That you have to ask to them. It doesn't make sense. They might even have won the elections if they are not presented this law. And because their speech until now their narrative until even last December despite some measures that were not very comprehensible. The narrative in December was that we are going towards the European Union. We are the ones that made that possible. And suddenly we have the narrative that you can hear in the speech of the president of the party. And it's really on 29 of April which is a war on our Western and European partners. Madam President thank you so much for joining us today. That was a little bit. Really thank you the president of Georgia there now a reminder of the Georgian ruling party's response. It says allies needed to expose the funding of non governmental organizations and media. Now a couple of news that we need to bring up to date with this is the Chinese Central Bank PBC set up a 300 billion won of relending scheme for public housing. So this is a number of things that policymakers in China are trying to put in place actually to support some of the sectors most in need. Earlier China announced its most drastic move yet to shore up the country's struggling property market removing the floor on mortgage rates and encouraging local governments to buy properties to convert them into affordable housing. Coming up Jamie Diamond tells us the US must stay engaged with China more from our interview with the JPMorgan chief executive that's next. And this is Bloomberg. The JPMorgan chief executive Jamie Diamond told us the US has to stay engaged with China. Now speaking to me at the Bank's Global Markets Conference in Paris. Diamond says Washington and Beijing have been working to help the U.S. to make sure that the U.S. is not the only country in the world that has the same impact on the economy. And the U.S. has been working to help the U.S. to make sure that the U.S. is not the only country in the world that has the same impact on the economy. And the U.S. has been working to help the U.S. Diamond says Washington and Beijing have common interests and are not natural enemies. So the geopolitical situation is very tense for the more the Ukraine and Russia Iran the terrorist activities in Israel North Korea nuclear blackmail we've never had nuclear blackmail before. And this of course affecting our relationship with China. And you know it's going to be hard to have a great relationship with China with the Ukraine war zone or kind of a different sides of that and put it put Taiwan aside. Having said that I think it's the right thing for America to fully and deeply engage with China you know competitively you know every nation is going to do its own interest in national security. So should America. We should define that fairly improperly. It is unfair trade. You know negotiate that or do whatever you need to do. But the engagement is the right thing to do. China is not a natural enemy of the United States. They have a lot of their own problems. So you know to me we can work together as best we can. And then we have common interests climate anti-nuclear perforation anti-terrorism. What does that mean for a bank working in China actually given all of this volatility. Cautious. I mean you know China you look at China from a risk war basis. It used to be very good. It's not so good anymore because all these things can go wrong. Remember we bank I mean I've got the number but 1500 multinationals in China. They're not leaving China. So we're going to serve our clients there. We're just much more cognizant the risk is higher and I put Hong Kong in that bucket too. We look kind of like a China Hong Kong is one at this point from a risk standpoint. What does the Trump administration mean for the U.S. economy. I don't know. You know there. Why because it's unfreechable or because we're too soon to actually try and try to figure out the policies that he put in place. So if you look at history who was elected president may not necessarily affect the next year. That's kind of like we're a big tanker and that's going to happen. I think the much more important thing is what we do in the geopolitical situation. I've always been quite clear that American leadership is provided to keep the world free and safe for democracy. And that means economic alliances which includes trade by the way. I think we should spend more time in trade. It means NATO. It means that Russia should not win in Ukraine because if they do I think it can tear us under this Western world. I know you've ruled out being Treasury Secretary. Why. What would it take to get you into politics. I don't think I'm suited for politics. I love my job. You know. And I'm not sure I want to do something like that. And I can. But even if you got the call you would it be hard to say no. I don't know. Probably yes. I love my job and I have no reason to even do it. You know. So. Well that was the JP Morgan Chief Executive Jenny Diamond speaking to us at the Lenders Global Market Summit in Paris. Now Rich Ma has named Nicola Boss as its new chief executive. He'll start in the role next month. The management reshuffle actually see the chairman and controlling shareholder. Johann Rupert give up some of his management duties. Now the changes come as the luxury conglomerate reported annual profit and sales that actually met expectations. Now on the back of that you can see Rich Ma gained 4.7 percent. Coming up as the ECB debates how quickly to lower rates we speak exclusively to your group. President Pascal Donahue. That's next. And this is Bloomberg. Rich sentiment of course at dampened after Fed officials weren't interest rates should stay higher for longer pausing another record breaking stock rally. Now Chinese retail sales show their slowest rate of growth in a year while Beijing gives its airing property sector a boost to easing mortgage lending. Plus JP Morgan Chief Executive Jamie Diamond tells us he's still more worried about inflation than markets appear to be. Well good morning everyone. Welcome to the polls. Happy Friday. We've made it to Friday. I'm from here in London. Now the European Central Bank's Isabelle Schnabel has come out against back to back interest rate cuts in June and July saying that the second rate cut does not seem warranted on current data. Now as a debate how quickly to lower rates officials are zeroing in on wage growth which has remained rapid as well as geopolitical threats like the conflict in the Middle East. Now to discuss all of this I'm delighted to be joined for an exclusive interview by the Eurogroup president and Irish Minister for Public Expenditure Pascal Donahue. Minister thank you so much. As always good morning. Grancy for joining us. I mean you understand the nuances of inflation. Likely you know more than most. How difficult given the underlying pressures of fragmentations of kind of shifting AI is it to reach the 2 percent target. It is complex but I do believe there's a path available for that to happen. If you look at where we are at the moment last year we would have seen inflation in the Euro area just above three. I believe across this year we'll see it at around two and a half percent. And if I look at next year on current economic forecast from let's say the European Commission I believe will be close to two. So I do believe there's a path towards achieving that. Fiscal policy within the Euro area is not contributing to where we are with inflation which challenges at the moment. And I think the approach the ECB have at the moment is frankly the right one. It's a complex change in world. Let's look at the data every month every quarter and see where we are then. Of course I know the ECB is independent. I know you're not also a market's guy. But actually when you look at once there's a cut does it make a difference if we continue cutting to how people think about Europe how people think and connect actually with politicians. I think it will make a difference. But as against that what also makes a very significant difference which was a real risk in recent years that we saw the risk of inflation becoming embedded into our economies and our politics with all of the impact on the cost of living for households for businesses and in turn how they view politics. That could have been a huge challenge. I believe we've been successful in navigating that challenge. And as we get to a point that inflation is at a low and a stable rate the ECB will then make their decisions. Why is it so difficult in Europe to have a capital markets union. I know there's it's difficult to break down some of the barriers we understand that there are some members I'd say look we'll go at it alone if we don't have a wider resolution. So we are making progress in capital markets. Capital markets are part of the single market they have evolved. But I think the premise of your question is a fair one. We haven't made the kind of progress on capital markets that we have in other aspects of the single market. Why. The reason for that is these are areas of important national sensitivity is important to economies at a national level. But all that being said I believe there is a renewed high level political focus on doing this. It's been led by the Eurogroup and the reason for this as you will well know and your viewers will know is we are trying to normalise borrowing normalised budget policy. And at the same time we need to fund huge changes. And we've hundreds of billions of savings within the Euro area and European Union that could be used to really help with this. And this is why on Monday night for example finance ministers of the European Union and get engaged on specific areas that we can make progress on. What do you worry about Europe at this juncture. Do we need more integration. We also heard our chief actually spoke to President Macron Monday and he wasn't against cross border consolidation. But if you're doesn't integrate more is there a chance of it dissolving. So I think we have proven again and again that any risk of dissolution is completely overstated and the European Union have demonstrated its political resilience and solidarity in recent decades so strongly. So I believe the European Union is really here to stay. But to deal with your question then regarding what is a risk that I would be concerned about. It is really the risk of our medium term economic performance. We're getting inflation down. Grotesque back. We've avoided a recession which is a huge economic achievement. But I want to see as we get inflation down I want to see the Euro area and Europe grow quicker. I believe we can do it. We need to take further steps to make that happen. And that's why your earlier question regarding capital markets is so important. We have big elections. Of course the European. I mean we have big elections everywhere but actually you know local elections in certain parts of Ireland. There are of course the European elections. I mean what are people voting on. Do you worry that it's again a bit of a mismatch. And so actually the polls are not right that we could see surprises. So I think we're in a in a just as you said this big elections happening everywhere at the moment. I think there is a trend in recent elections which is the degree of volatility that can happen during campaigns and then at the end of that in the election result. From an Irish perspective the issues that voters think about I think are in common. But what's happening across Europe. You know housing cost of living pressure on public services. How we can look after ourselves in the world that's really changing. Are the kind of issues that people bring up with me on the doorstep in Dublin Central and I know across Europe there are the issues that my finance minister colleagues are grappling with too. I mean how would you look at immigration. This is one of I guess the most contentious or divisive issues across European and maybe world politics. Of course there has been a significant factor in recent political debates and that is explained by the change that has happened in migration with the largest movement of people across Europe since World War Two. We as always need to realize that those who are coming to countries such as Ireland who are seeking refuge are coming from dire humanitarian consequences and conditions in so many cases. And we have to look after them in a way that is compassionate and fair which is what in Ireland we are trying on working to do. I think that there is a recent opinion poll suggesting that Fina Gale are at very close levels to Sinn Fein. Do you ever foresee a possible coalition. Absolutely not. I do not believe that will happen. And the poll that you refer to is one that shows Fina Gale growing in support due to the new leadership of our T-shirt Simon Harris. But it shows a massive slide in Sinn Fein support now that has taken place over the last year. I believe that will continue and I believe coming into the general election in Ireland which will happen sometime next year I believe it will happen at the end of our parliamentary term next year. I believe that this government will be able to put forward a great case for three independent political parties who will be making the case for the government to be re-elected. How much anxious is there in Europe if Donald Trump gets into the White House on a defence level but also economically with tariffs. Sure it's going to have very significant consequences who the American people want to be their president is obviously a matter only for America and for them to decide. But what I might be less than over the last number of years is the need for Europe to deepen its economic ability to stand on its own two feet. That is why we've taken the actions that we have regarding supporting the people of Ukraine against the terrible invasion that they are grappling with. And it's also why for example the decisions on capital markets and how we structure them are really important. The friendship, the relationship that we have with the United States and Europe I believe is extremely important and valuable. However we also need to look at how we can ensure that Europe economically is stronger within a global economy. So do you believe trade deals will will depend on political alignment more than they ever have. I think political alignment has always been a very big feature of trade deals and trade policy. And I think the big lesson at the moment from some of the debates that we've seen taking place on economic policy is it reminds me how much politics matters. Being at the IMF World Bank meetings there a few weeks ago I was struck by how many of the analysis said that decisions that politicians make can really matter in politics, in economics. And I think we can see why that is at the moment and when it comes to the conduct of trade policy in the future. How we can ensure that they are fair and how we can ensure particularly here in Europe that trade policy is rules based as multi-lateral but is also fair to the European Union. I think it's the big terrain of trade policy debates in the years ahead. Thank you so much for... Thank you Francine. Thank you very much. In London that was your group president of course an Irish minister for public expenditure Pascal Donahue now coming up but we talked to Daniel Pinto the chairman and chief executive of Standhope Capital. He joins us to discuss Fed inflation and the widening gap between Europe and the U.S. This is BlueBush. Now markets now just pricing in two rate cuts from the Fed this year. Several officials at the central bank including Reda Messer, John Williams and Thomas Markin have also said it may take longer for inflation to actually reach their 2% target. Now the resilience of the U.S. economy has a price some and it comes as the economic and financial gap with Europe continues to widen. Now GDP growth and productivity levels are now much further ahead in the U.S. Something which my next guess says is a once in a generation phenomenon. Well Daniel Pinto is chairman and chief executive of Standhope Capital an asset management firm. He started in 2004 with more than 41 billion dollars of assets under management. So Daniel as always thank you so much for joining us and welcome back to the pause. When you look at what you're expecting from the Fed. I mean it's a little bit of an outlier call. You're expecting the Fed to cut quicker than the market is pricing. Would they cut because there's a slowdown or because of inflation is under control. So what's the next step. My first comment from seeing is that who would have said that watching central bankers would have become as exciting as watching a thriller. We listen to each and every word. Look my my sense is that the U.S. economy is slowing down. It's still doing OK but it is slowing down. Let's remember that the market was expecting 2.5 percent GDP growth for Q 1. It came out at 1.6 percent. So it is slowing down. You have PMI's coming down which is a short sign that there is a slowdown. You have unemployment picking up a bit still very low but picking up a bit and two more things which in my view are very important. The first one is that saving rates in America have collapsed post covid Americans had plenty of savings and that sustained the economy for the last two years. Right now they have 3.5 percent of savings which is the lowest point in the last 10 or 15 years which basically means that you no longer have this buffer in the form of the domestic consumer to support economic growth in the next few months. And I think the Fed knows that and the Fed will cut rate in my opinion September probably twice. So Daniel we also put to Jamie Diamond yesterday and he was he was saying look it's the market makes it a given that we have a slowdown that is a soft landing and that's not a given but is there the worst case in areas that inflation actually stays up and that these indicators come down. So what does the Fed choose then and what kind of economy are we left with. I think the Fed would be under pressure for another reason which is that let's remember that a year ago we had a banking crisis in the U.S. we are not hearing anything about it anymore but you have dozens of small regional banks in America that are exposed to real estate and they are writing off loans and the longer for the higher for longer phenomenon is having a direct impact on this second tier of the banking sector in America. And I think that the Fed will in addition to the slowdown that I described the Fed will very much be aware that if they keep rates at this high level they may have another banking crisis on their hands which obviously they would like to see. So there's also a question of why the Fed is not pushing back against some of the market exuberance that we've seen. Do you see this as being problematic. I don't think it is problematic. I mean there is some exuberance in the market but I don't think that we are in bubble territory. If you look at stocks in America they are trading on multiples of about 20 times which is higher than the average. But if you strip out the technology sector the magnificent seven the average of the last 25 years you don't have a bubble in the equity market in the U.S. I don't I don't believe so. Daniel I know there are some charts actually that you look at which we love showing because it gives us a glimpse into kind of what kind of template you look at to look at growth and valuations. There's a mismatch between the U.S. and Europe. I mean if you're expecting actually the U.S. to slow down significant not significantly but but enough to pull forward expectations of a cut so European stocks are cheap at the moment as compared to the U.S. In fact you are at the point where the discount between yours Europe and the U.S. is at its highest in the last probably 20 years you basically have a 35 percent discount between the valuation of European stocks and the valuation of U.S. stocks. It makes a certain segments of the U.S. European equity markets attractive. And it could be and we've seen that in the last few months that for a short time European equities could outperform the U.S. but but for any long term investor I would recommend having the majority of their exposure to U.S. stocks for reasons that have to do both with the U.S. economy that has decoupled from the European economy and as a result as well of market dynamics which are much better in the U.S. than in Europe. So short term yes European equities attractive long term I think investors should keep the vast majority of their equity exposure into the U.S. I mean this and this is actually the chart of the day that we're just showing one of the charts that you're looking at. I mean does this explain why certain companies I mean we're talking with actually to the executive of total energy just on Tuesday but other companies would look at a listing in the U.S. and does that even make sense for big European companies. They would and it should worry a lot of politicians in Europe. When you hear total energy which is kind of a national champion for France saying we would like to move to least in the U.S. It is a shock when you hear Shell saying the same thing it is a shock and the reason why they are saying that is very simple. The capital markets in the U.S. are so much deeper that they get better valuations. You cannot blame them for saying I'm working for my shareholders and which shareholders in mind our interest is to listen to U.S. and the reason why the capital markets are so much deeper is that they have a pension system that drives savings into the real economy whereas in Europe in most countries we have a pension system that is still public and is not driving savings into the productive economy and that's a major issue. Just take the case of the UK 25 years ago pension funds in the UK were investing 45% of their portfolios into UK equities. Now it is 4% 5% and that has a massive impact on appetite for equities overall and therefore valuations and that is something that CEOs across the UK and across Europe have in mind. Daniel I have so much more to ask you because that goes back to some you know mansion house reforms that we were talking last time you were on but I think historically it's also quite difficult to have a quarter in Europe and listen to U.S. success. Daniel Pinto stays with us and we'll have plenty more on this next. This is Bloomberg. Well still with us Daniel Pinto Chairman and Chief Executive of Stanhope Capital. Daniel thank you so much for seeing you and we're talking a little bit before about the change or the difference in capital markets between the U.S. and Europe especially in the UK. What should be the priorities of politicians and policy makers in Europe to be more competitive and keep the good companies here. So most of the savings in Europe are in the hands of insurance companies and pension funds and right now this capital is locked up and able to deploy itself in private equity public equities etc. And that's a major difference with what's going on in the U.S. and I think it is happening not just valuations but the capacity of these companies to invest and that's really not just an economic issues or political issues as well. So I think the priority for politicians right now should be to address this very issue. Make sure that insurance companies have more leeway to invest in private equity and public equity make sure that pension funds are not just focused on investing in bonds which are not necessarily helping the economy at large but investing more in small and big cap companies and in large companies. That should be the priority. Yeah it's not easy because it goes really to the heart of risk taking but talk to me a little bit about what you're seeing the pipeline. Are there more IPOs or is there more M&A deals. Is it waking up. So clearly after 18 months two years of pretty much a standstill in the IPO market Sleeping Beauty. Absolutely and private equity funds not doing much frankly what you see now is private equity funds being very keen to deploy more and sellers more open to selling. So you'll see deal flow picking up which is great news. The IPO market is slowly slowly opening up more in the U.S. than in Europe. I was pleased to see that the Chinese company is contemplating doing an IPO in London as opposed to the U.S. It's a good sign but sadly I think we have to do a lot of done deal and we need to do much much more to make London more attractive. But clearly the trend is going in the right direction in terms of IPOs and deals. I mean does it make a difference who comes into power in terms of businesses right now or do you see both parties in the UK. In the UK pretty much in the middle. I think the two sides want to reform London and the city in general. The question is whether they've been talking about it for a while not much has happened. The question is whether any new government probably from labor would actually implement the reforms that are absolutely necessary. I hope they will if they seem to be more market friendly than people expected. Let's see what you do with gold right now. So it's a play against everything but it's also I guess you know there's movements maybe from other countries to sell treasuries and buy gold. So there is something structural happening in the gold market but beyond the gold market in trade in general and currencies in general. You've seen the price of gold going up dramatically over the last I would say 12 months as a result of central banks buying more and more gold and the biggest buyers of gold have been probably the Chinese and the reason why they are buying more gold is that they don't want to be in the position of the Russian central bank which given what was going on in Ukraine ended up being sanctioned and ended up having their reserves frozen by the U.S. The Chinese have trillions of reserves. The last thing they want is to you know hear one morning that the Federal Reserve had decided to block this money. So they buy more and more gold. The Indian central bank is doing the same and that is what's sustaining the gold market. Beyond that I think we should read behind you know the rise of gold an increasing risk of currency wars and an increasing risk of trade wars that your big concern. That would be my biggest concern for the next 12 18 months. You had president Biden announcing last week very high tariffs on electric vehicles. 100% tariffs tariffs on microchips made in China and then you heard Trump basically saying 100% is not enough it should be 200% so that rhetoric is giving you the direction of travel. The direction of travel is more and more trade tension and trade tension and tariffs are a very very bad thing for everyone. We should be very careful about that. And possibly inflationary. Daniel thank you so much as always for joining us. Daniel Pinto there. The chairman and chief executive of Stanhope Capital. Now Bloomberg brief is up next also a reminder China this morning unveiled some pretty broad rescue packages to try and shore up their housing market. This is Bloomberg.