 If we could first begin in the Middle East, is the prime minister of Qatar was actually speaking at the Qatar Economic Forum that Bloomberg is helping host earlier today, suggesting that right now ceasefire talks between Israel and Hamas are essentially at a stalemate. If it doesn't happen in the near immediate future, is it ever going to? Well, yes, the hope will continue and the work must continue on getting to a pause in the fighting and getting to Israel to focus more strategically on their goals and the best ability to defend themselves and getting hostages out and humanitarian aid in. These are all the reasons why it's really critical to maximize pressure and focus on getting to a ceasefire agreement. So with that said, how much would a ceasefire depend on hostages being released knowing that not everyone believes they are all alive? And we keep hearing reports that Hamas cannot identify the location of all the hostages with whom they are dealing. How does this play out in the end? So part of a ceasefire is very much dependent on getting hostages out. And that is, sadly at this point, whether it's bodies or whoever is remaining alive, the hostages have obviously been held under horrific circumstances or taken into Gaza under even more horrific circumstances. And it is critical that they be returned, they or sadly their bodies. In terms of what Hamas knows or doesn't know about where they are, that was certainly brought out early in the immediate post-effects of October 7th, given the number of different groups associated with Hamas that had a role in taking those hostages in. I think it has less credibility at this point since it is so clear that Yaya Sinwar, who is the military commander of Hamas, in Gaza who orchestrated this entire October 7th attack and the aftermath, is a guy who is very much in control. So I think it begs credibility at this point that they don't know exactly where most, not all of the hostages are. It's interesting and I wonder if any of them may be in Ra'fa where more than a million Palestinians had sought refuge in where the US policy is really coming to most or a conflict perhaps with what Israel would like to do is the US would not like to see a major ground invasion of Ra'fa and yet Israel is already making incremental moves in that city in particular. The UN has said within the last 24 hours that some 450,000 civilians have already fled Ra'fa in the last week. Do they have anywhere safe to go for all of the administration saying we just wanna make sure there is a plan in place to protect civilian life in Ra'fa while Israel is trying to achieve its objectives of eradicating Hamas, getting those last remaining battalions there taken care of? I just wonder if it really is possible for Israel to do both. Well, Kayleigh, the question you raised is a question being raised and it has been continuously raised by the US administration at the most senior levels and also reportedly by Israel's military leaders who are increasingly coming out more publicly and questioning the ways in which Prime Minister Netanyahu has been directing this effort. So there is a concern certainly about where the hostages are. It is almost certain that they're in tunnels that many, many, many tunnels that are deep under Gaza and so whether they're in Ra'fa or in Khan units, they're almost certainly surrounding and being used as human shields for Yaya Sinwar, the military commander of Hamas and probably for many other Hamas fighters. To be clear, much of Hamas, the military units are deep underground in these tunnels. They do not, Hamas does not allow the many Palestinian innocents that privilege. In other words, they are using Palestinian innocents very much as fodder in a horrible way and those folks are all on the ground. And as you say, there are no real safe places in Gaza at this point. And that's part of the point that National Security Advisor Jake Sullivan made really clearly just recently in saying that the United States has yet to see any kind of credible plan by Israel on how to protect Palestinians above ground in Gaza. Mara, I know you were in Ukraine just last month in Kiev where the Secretary of State is today. Knowing that the money has been passed, the weapons are on the way. What was the purpose of this visit by Anthony Blinken if not only to send a message to Vladimir Putin? So in fact, I think that Secretary Blinken was sending a message both to Vladimir Putin and frankly to the people of Ukraine as well. He and President Zelensky have a very good and strong relationship. Ukrainians have been quite concerned about the degree of US continued commitment to their very real fight, to their struggle against Russia given how long it has taken the United States, frankly, because of skirmishes within the Republican Party in Congress, how long it had taken the United States to get that vitally needed assistance to Ukraine. So I believe what Tony Blinken was doing was sending a message was in a very real way showing the people of Ukraine as well as President Zelensky, the degree of US commitment and offering some reassurance as Jake Sullivan did on his visit back, I believe in the end of March, that USAID, some of it has arrived, more is coming, and it will very much help Ukraine in the very significant challenges they are facing now for Russia. And finally, Mara, in our final minute with you, obviously, while the US has provided aid to Ukraine, the US also has put essentially limits on what it would like Ukraine to do with that aid, including not doing anything offensively into Russian territory. For Ukraine to win this war, are we gonna have to see a tweak on the margin to administration policy on that front too? Kayla, I think that's a very good way of describing it in terms of the language you just used about a tweak on the margins. I do think it's important that the United States have the most expansive possible view of allowing Ukraine to fight this fight. The United States is quite fortunate that we are, the United States and Americans are not on the ground having to defend against Russia. We need to make sure that Ukraine has every ability to do so and to prevent the further spread of Russian aggression in Europe.