 Mark is there too much happy talk propping up markets these days. I don't think there's too much happy talk. There is happy talk. Look markets are a bullion. Markets are effusive. But the fact is we have generally still good global growth. Yes there are a few cracks showing but overall still pretty strong. Companies are making very good profits. Financial conditions are still extremely use loose. And we've got central banks that are saying hey we're dying to make it even easier as soon as there's a hint of a problem. So markets are extremely happy for good reasons. And therefore I don't think there's too much happy talk. There's a lot of happy talk. And at some point it will be seen misplaced but not yet. OK. There's a lot of happy talk for Chinese property right now. I just see that Chinese property stocks extending their gains to more than 8% higher on some of the policy changes we've seen coming out of China. Mark we've seen lots of 13 F filings that have flagged increased exposure to Chinese tech. Here's the property sector getting excited about regulatory change. Is the market finally catching up with your view on Chinese stocks. Yeah. I mean you phrase that very positively there as if I've nailed this. No I was way too early. So I think those people who are late to this story have proved smarter. It's always the way you don't be early on a trade. You want to be just after it turns. And look but I think that the case that the fact is is that the Chinese stock story has turned around and we've seen that for a few months now. And that's been quite clear. And while I was too early I'd say several others in my team were quite smart about being bearish until maybe a few months ago and then got bullish. These are stocks that are still extremely cheap. They're under owned around the world and now they're getting multi pronged policy support monetary policy fiscal policy and there's getting structural form. So this is a theme that can run and run and run for many many months to come. Now an important disclaimer is that over the last few months the gains have been extraordinary. It's just this morning looking whenever you see HSI as HSI returns of this strong for so long you get some kind of short term pullback but it'll be a short term pullback in a sustainable uptrend.