 Stock mixed today with the Dow crossing $40,000 for the first time ever. For more on the latest market moves and what they mean for investors, let's now welcome in Ben McMillan, IDX, Advisors, Chief Investment Officer. Ben, it is good to see you. So, Dow $40,000, Ben, making headlines, getting a lot of attention. Let's just start there, Ben. What do you make of this market, where we are, and where you think we're headed from here? Yeah, I mean, look, after yesterday's inflation numbers, the news was fairly good. The economy remains strong, inflation is moderating. I do think equities are priced to perfection at this point, so we would urge caution. It's also important to remember that this is a momentum-driven market. You've got to be really careful to pick and choose your value. We've already seen the net rotation out of the tech-dominated, Mac 7, at the beginning of the year. Fast forward to today, utilities, the XLU sector is outperforming the Qs. So I think that's in some ways very good. We're seeing a broadening. We're seeing more breadth, as opposed to just seven stocks carrying the indices higher. I wouldn't be surprised if we see the indices continue to set highs throughout the end of the year. But again, urge caution here, because if you drill in under the hood, the consumer is driving the economy, but there's an asterisk there. Defaults are starting to creep up. It looks like unemployment might be showing some signs of weakness. And if the almighty consumer falls, that's where we could start to see a real correction. And so when you talk about things being priced for perfection, what kind of a scenario are stocks implying then at these levels? Well, one thing I think was interesting when you, again, we started at the beginning of the year with kind of six to seven rate cuts priced in. Obviously, interest rates move everything. It's the discount rate for all risk assets, including stocks. After yesterday's print, we still have two rate cuts. The market is still pricing in two rate cuts, which I think is still fairly optimistic. I mean, you've even had Richard Fisher, former Dallas Fed president yesterday saying he was skeptical that we'd have two rate cuts this year. And so I think that's the tail risk in this market, is that the assumptions going into these equity valuations are still potentially a little bit too rosy. Now, again, the flip side of that is we've got record deficit spending. Let's look at kind of the elephant in the room, which is what's powering this economy. Yes, it's the consumer, but part of that is because they've got a lot of excess savings after COVID. We have deficit spending that's greater than 6% with unemployment under 4%, which I don't know that we've ever seen with the possible exception of kind of World War II. So that bill is going to come do at some point. And I think we're starting to see that with stickier inflation. I think we could see some dollar weakness in the future for sure. Equity markets could certainly go higher, but I do think there's risk to the downside for sure. Ben, so what you're urging here is kind of cautious optimism. That's a theme. If that's true, Ben, how do I sort of invest in that theme? And at least in the US stock market, what sectors would look attractive to you, Ben, here? Well, I think we're starting to see kind of a broaden. One of the concerns earlier this year was that you had, or even last year, frankly, is that you had a handful of stocks literally pulling the entire index higher. And so a lot of equity strategists, a lot of investors wanted to see a broadening out of equity strength. And we're seeing that. Like I said, I mean, you start to see some of the more defensive sectors. Utilities is a good example of value stocks, consumer or other consumer staples, starting to kind of pick up where things like technology and the high-flying tech stocks have lagged off. So I think that's good. Candidly, I think you're starting to see a move towards active management. This is a so-called stock pickers market. I do think that that's going to start to matter more. I think the pockets of value for those that are really taking a close look, they'll be able to find it. But it's going to be much less of a just kind of set it and forget it trade and much more of a pick your spots and really try and find the value stocks.