 Microsoft making strategic moves as a gears up for its build 2024 event next week and one move being in In its video game sales strategy the software company reportedly aiming to release the coming installment of call of duty to its Subscription service for more on what's new in tech. We have Bob Adonis Technologists research president and chief analyst during us now Bob. It's good to see you. So let's let's start there Bob By the way, this was the journal Reporting this that yes Microsoft is going to add the latest installment of that powerhouse franchise call of duty to its game pass Subscription service at lunch Bob instead of you know selling it a la carte. What did you make it at Bob? Big deal. No deal. How did you see it? Well, I mean look, I think it's an evolution of what Microsoft is doing On their gaming business in general right there and they're seeing this Subscription model as we've seen in every other aspect of the tech industry be something that they want to take advantage of and so Not really a surprise. I mean it honestly it's kind of like one of the last pieces to fall Into this idea of a subscription based model. So I think it makes perfectly logical sense Increasingly that's what we see. It's almost impossible to find something you can buy on its own now when it comes to software anymore So not a surprise and it's a way for them to get more excitement around gate pass Bob at the same time This was something that Bobby Kodak of Activision Blizzard was resistant to right over time now He's not there anymore. Does this do anything to the Activision? Franchise to the call of duty franchise in terms of a hit to reputation at all because they were so resistant or Because you said as you said, you know, everybody's doing it now. It's not really gonna matter Yeah, I don't think it hurts Activision at all I mean it was gonna happen eventually whether those guys wanted or not because the outside world again Everybody's moved to this kind of a model You know, I just feel like this is something that Would have happened eventually and they're just making the decision to do it now and they feel like they have the opportunity like you said since things have changed there and Again, it's all about getting more subscribers at the end of the day It's as simple as that and so what you in the same way that you know Netflix has got to have new shows and everybody else has got to have new content to get people to keep motivated You know to maintain those subscriptions. This is the exact same thing and again consumers are used to it now It's you're not making it any different from anybody else No game feels better because it's not on a subscription. I mean, I don't think people think that way anymore And Bob, you know as we mentioned stick with Microsoft next week is the company's big Build conference. I know you're gonna be watching You know this week was open AI and Google next week It's Microsoft's turn to talk AI and and front and center there Bob certainly There's gonna be a lot of talk about co-pilot that's that's Microsoft's AI assistant and you know it is early days Bob But certainly, you know, there are investors and analysts on a Wall Street who are excited about that tool and kind of the potential growth and adoption What what do you think? Well, look, I mean Microsoft jumped out on this early on right they we saw open AI Do the chat GPT thing about 18 months ago and within three months all of a sudden Microsoft was talking about Integrating the open AI stuff into their tools with co-pilot So they jumped way out ahead of everybody else and frankly what we've seen since then is a lot of scrambling and catching up by the Googles of the world by the Amazons of the world by the metas of the world and now it's getting obviously significantly more competitive So, you know, the expectation is that they're gonna continue to build on what they've done with co-pilot, you know, they brought it out into office We've seen that I expect to see that get developed further so I mean, you know, they're gonna keep building on the thing that they started and Integrated and and I think, you know, one of the big stories that's gonna be interesting to watch over time for Microsoft and all these players is Hey, you know what? We've been talking about proof of concepts and all this kind of stuff Let's see an actual production and so what I expect is that you're gonna see them talking about Are there new tools potentially that can that companies can use to make the process of integrating this stuff into Their environment easier because the reality is there's a lot of companies out there who are super excited about this and they've tried some things here and there But to move that from hey, we're playing around with it to actual production is much harder And so I think you're gonna see some of that. They've already done some of that. I expect we will see more You're gonna see their competitors do this as well So it's it's gonna be interesting to see but you know, this is the year where I think and I've said this before here Even on young finance that this is the year when AI really starts to have an impact and then Eventually we start to see even more of a bottom line financial impact. We've started to see it I expect we're gonna be seeing more of that over the next 12 to 18 months Hey Bob specifically to build also there was a Reuters report this morning that Microsoft Plans to offer this new suite of AMD Chips to sort of compete with Nvidia chips. What do you what are sort of the implications of that for everyone concerned? Well, look, I mean to be honest with you. I'm kind of surprised it's taken them this long I mean everybody is doing this right? I mean everybody is looking at AMD because Nvidia makes incredible products people love it But nobody likes when there's one company that completely and utterly dominates And so that's why you've seen so much focus on you know Additional players and additional competitors and additional alternatives AMD has been out there plugging this story for a while They make great products and from the people who've been really diving in deep into this stuff They're saying look they actually can absolutely can be competitive with Nvidia So it just makes completely logical sense for Microsoft to do it again. They're competitors are starting to do it as well I think this is just part of that general move towards a diversification of suppliers we've got Intel is gonna be pushing their gaudy chips obviously they're trying to get in there You've got all these companies building their own custom chips We've already seen that being announced by all the major players So this is that sense of look all of this stuff is important, but we can't rely just on Nvidia Yes, we're gonna buy a ton of Nvidia, but the the growth opportunity is so big We need others to help us build this as well and this AMD move just seems like another version of that