 Turning now to the state of the housing markets. Mortgage rates decreased for the second consecutive week, but the 30-year fixed still holds above 7% where it's hovered since mid-April. So what does this mean for new home buyers out there? Joining us now, we've got our very own Rebecca Chen. Hey, Rebecca, what do we know here and what's the weight on some prospective buyers out there? Hey Brad, thanks so much. So this week we saw mortgage rate, like you said, getting closer to the 7%, it dropped to an average of 7.02 for the 30-year mortgage fixed rate. On the daily tracking, we actually saw mortgage rates drop even in the 6% range. So we are starting to wonder that if we are seeing a downward pattern for mortgage rate that everybody has been talking about since the beginning of the year. Aside from just tracking this mortgage rate and how it's, whether it's heading up or down, we also been tracking how home buyers are reacting to these mortgage rates. And what we saw this week is that even though rates has been dropping for two weeks straight, there hasn't been that much home purchase application on the market right now. And what that's telling us is that home buyers are still not convinced or not motivated to come back to the market because financing costs is still too high for them. Just to put everything into context again, right now at around 7%, we are more than double the mortgage rate cost than three years ago. So what home buyers are paying today in terms of to their bank is a lot higher than they would be in 2021 when rates were around 3%. So definitely we are seeing a little bit more activity and a little bit more drop in the mortgage rate, but there just hasn't been enough of it to entice more buyers to come back to the market. And then I think what this really tells us is that first time home buyers or really any buyers are highly sensitive to today's rate. And giving that it's been very volatile going up and down a week, every single week, we are seeing that this has a huge correlation to what buyers can afford today. And so with that in mind Rebecca, I'm with also the caveat that this is largely hinging on the Fed and what they do in the coming months, when could we see rates coming down? That is a million question right now, Brad. To be honest, nobody knows when mortgage rate is coming down. One expert even told me that mortgage rates are famously known for being hard to predict and we can definitely see that right now because I feel like every week when we talk to experts, they think it's gonna go one way, but it ends up going another. So it's hard to tell where it's going to come down, but what I can say is this, given what has been happening with the Fed, with the inflation data and CPI, most experts are saying that rates will probably fall further from today into the six to seven person range for the remainder of 2024. What this means is we will see some kind of rate cut later on in the year and that will bring mortgage rate down for home buyers. And I do kind of wanna talk a little bit about what everybody, we've seen across different financial institutions. Fannie Mae, the NAR, Wells Fargo, all these financial institutions, they changed their forecast recently from the beginning of the year. And all of them upward revised their forecast on mortgage rates. And when I talk to them, they say it's because they just see inflation being so stubborn and the possibility of cutting rate anytime soon is getting smaller and smaller. And that is why everybody is upward revising their mortgage rate today. And what this means for housing market. I think that's probably what all the home buyers are wondering right now, what can this mean if it's six to seven percent and if rates are being cut later. Essentially, what it really means is that you could have, when this happens, you could have a smaller financing cost, but it probably won't do much to the housing price because we are still in a very shortage. We still see a huge shortage of inventory supply on the housing market and inventory shortage is what is driving prices the most right now. So all that being said, there's still a lot of uncertainty in the housing market, but we'll be tracking mortgage rate very closely every week.