 Robinhood, another stock that's running here in Yahoo Finance, a double upgrade from Bank of America. They upgraded the stock to buy, and that's up from underperformed, sending shares to the upside looking gains of just about 6%. The analysts behind that call saying that they view the current entry point as quote, the total opposite of 2021. And remember in 2021, you might not remember, but that is when the firm initiated coverage on the stock with that underperformed rating and why they're saying that it's a bit different than what it was in 2021. They're saying that right now rising retail engagement, accelerating organic growth, they have positive operating leverage after large expense reductions. And then also just an attractive valuation here. And this comes following the massive surge actually that we've seen in Robinhood's share since the start of the year. It would be interesting to see if investors buy this one. And here's why. Robinhood is going to be annexing itself just a little bit more closely to crypto than we had seen even back in 2021. They just announced one of the staking parts of the business as well. That's going to be a Solana staking product for European customers here. And then there's going to be some customer acquisition costs, at least in this near term period, offering a 10% bonus for the first 30 days on platform. So once you get past those customer acquisition costs and start to look under the hood at the customer lifetime value that you're getting from some of those new members who are trading on the platform. That's a larger question of what they are trading and if they are buying into more of the crypto side of the business that Robinhood's cozying up to just a little bit more or the options equities side of the business where ultimately I think for right now there's been so much fanfare at least within the consortium of traders there or the group of traders on Robinhood among some core themes. And it's been the core themes that have run away for the market right now. It's been the themes like generative AI. There's been themes around some of the biggest tech companies that have just been overcrowded trades and so if you see more of those overcrowded trades it's a larger question of okay where does that rotation take place once you do see some profit taking from some of those core users and do they continue to transact within the platform. And you got Bank of America, a big price target here. It was initially 14 bucks. Now the new price target of 24 bucks a share.