 Hello and welcome to Market Domination. I'm Julie Hyman. That's Josh Lipton live from our New York City headquarters. We are giving you the ultimate investing playbook to help tune out the noise and make the right moves for your money. And here's your headline blitz getting you up to speed one hour before the closing bell rings on Wall Street. There is a lot of optimism in the market right now. What we've seen over the past month or so is that the narrative was sort of shifted from a no landing narrative to one that's sort of like a soft landing narrative. And that's really what's supporting the market right now. I'm not seeing anything in the pre announcement that tells me that the business is turning around but at least they'll raise enough cash to last another three or four years if they if they in fact continue to flail and try to find a new strategy. So I admire that they're taking advantage of the opportunity. That's that's probably in the best interest of their longer term shareholders. I feel sorry for the fools who buy the stock at 21 because it's worth single digits. To me the focus is they've got to get a they've got an announce and in place and a new CEO now that they've announced that the O'Cow home is leaving. You know they've got to get the spirit deal done with and put in the books. Thirdly they've got to get the 737 max authorization increase production with the FAA increase to above 38. We've got one hour to go until the market close. So let's take a look at the major averages sponsored by Tasty trade. We've got a gain for the Dow right now up just about a fifth of 1 percent here pretty tepid gain here to end the week up about 70 points on the session. Of course touched 40,000 yesterday has not gotten back to that level today. The NASDAQ right now trading a little bit lower lower by about the same amount here off by almost two tenths of 1 percent. Then if I can find the S&P 500 blindly here but I'm going to skip that and take a look at the sectors here where a little more control. The S&P 500 is little changed. This is what represents it on this screen here. You've got tech and consumer staples under pressure. Energy doing quite well today along with materials. We are going to dive into commodities specifically metals later in the show as copper has been having quite a wild time of it. Taking a look at the Dow here today you've got a pretty mixed picture as reflected in what we saw. We've heard a little bit about Boeing up about eight tenths of 1 percent here on the latest from the company. We are also going to get an update on its latest shareholder meeting and the headlines that came out of that later in the show. And finally the NASDAQ 100 here as we take a look this is also pretty mixed. In video the big thing on deck after the bell next Wednesday it will report earnings. In today's playbook we will tell you how to play the chips right now going into that and beyond. So that should be a fun conversation Josh. That's right Julie. U.S. Federal Reserve Governor Michelle Bowman meanwhile has reiterated her stance that she is willing to hike rates if needed and says that inflation will remain elevated for some time. This coming as investors had begun to feel some optimism surrounding the Fed and interest rates for more on where this leaves the market moving forward. Let's bring in now Bob Dahl cross mark global investment CEO and CIO. Bob it is good to see you. So I'm just looking at the market here Bob maybe lost a bit of steam here in the last couple of sessions but Mark is still on track. Bob here for its longest streak of weekly gains going back to February. And you know Bob why not. Right. Decent economy. Decent earnings. What's not to love. Yeah it is a love affair as momentum carries the day as you point out and that goes until it doesn't anymore momentum is impossible to predict when it's going to end. Now if you want me to pick on things I can do that. I'll pick on the Fed and inflation and interest rates. We got a couple inflation numbers this past week. They were OK relative to expectations but they're still annualizing between three and four. That's nowhere near two. I don't think we're going to two. Second thing I'd pick on earnings. Double digits this year and double digits next year. The U.S. has never produced back to back double digit earnings growth unless we're coming out of recession. So I'm skeptical there and for all that I get to pay twenty one times earnings. So I'm a little cautious fully invested but cautious. And Bob let's dig a little bit more into that caution. It's Julie here. It's good to see you. Not only are you cautious you do think there's a chance that we'll see a recession before the end of the year. What leads you to that conclusion. I do Julie. I'm an old man I guess and have not repealed recession from my vocabulary. Look we've got the leading economic indicators today and they were down again. We've had one month up in the last couple of years. A week ago we got the University of Michigan consumer confidence index and not only are lower and consumers struggling but now some need to mean income consumers are struggling. It's just the high end that's doing well. And of course inflation expectations in that same survey went up a bunch. So I don't think all is as clear as we might like it to be in a market where you've got to pay over twenty times earnings. Bob when you say recession help us quantify that. How serious a downturn would you be looking for. Yeah our views and our predictions coming into the year mild recession. There are a lot of reasons that think it's not going to be very noticeable but I think consumption will begin to has already beginning to flag a bit and we'll see that in the employment numbers before long and that'll just cause employers to say you know I'm having trouble with my price increases they're not being accepted like they were. I still have cost pressures so I have some margin pressure. I think I'll lay off a worker or two and you know how that goes. It becomes a vicious cycle. So not severe at all. And some will argue when we get through it we had one some will not and they'll both be right. But I think a pause that refreshes is necessary. And Bob if you know what you were saying that you know price increases aren't necessarily accepted in that kind of a scenario you see some workers get laid off and maybe wage pressures come off as a result. Does that mean that a recession would indeed bring lower prices or would we run the risk of seeing a sort of stagflationary scenario. I hope it will bring lower prices. I think there's a good shot at that. I think part of the problem with the Fed arguing for 2 percent inflation while we're having economic growth you know at or above trend that's really hard to accomplish. The inflation from down from six to four at the core level took a lot of work and we've done that four to two is a whole lot harder. So you hear my skepticism absent and noticeable slowdown. So Bob given that outlook you want to stay cautious. What does that mean. Bob when you look at the U.S. stock market where do you want to be invested Bob. So I'm owning companies are trying to anyway that have high earnings predictability high earnings persistence and strong and growing free cash flow. You might put over all three of those things the word quality. Those stocks have done just fine on the way up. And if we get any kind of pullback of the last more than a couple of weeks I think those stocks will go down for sure but go down less than the market overall. So lots of good stuff out there but you got to do your homework. I mean Bob I also wonder if you see a scenario where you maybe see a recession but if prices come down stocks like that enough to keep going up. Does that work or no or no. Well you know when we're in the in the throes of it people will say oh I didn't expect any kind of recession. I didn't expect earnings to be flat or down. And so there'll be some people who run for the hills no question but out of that comes a recycling and restart of the cycle and that'll be fun fun on the other side and maybe maybe small cap stocks will eventually play again in that recovery. Hey Bob I don't recall and I don't know if you have it at hand but when's the last time we had a recession start in an election year. That's a great question. It's been a long long time. I don't know when they typically come as you know in the first or second year of a presidential term more than the third or the fourth. And so I don't know that it's going to start anytime real soon. Our guess and our prediction is we'll start sometime before the end of the year. Maybe it'll be the day after the election. Maybe it will. Bob good to see you. Have a great weekend. All the best. Thanks. We're just getting started here on Market Domination coming out meme mania fading fast on Wall Street this time around. Game stop shares are sinking for a third day in a row. We are going to dive into some of today's top trending tickers on the other side. Plus Boeing shareholders re-electing outgoing CEO Dave Calhoun at least to stay on the board of directors as the company aims to stabilize production and quality more on that in the four p.m. hour. And at 3 30 it's the latest edition of our series. Goodbye or goodbye. We'll take a deep dive into two stocks to help you make the best choices for your portfolio. Stay tuned more market domination after this. Microsoft making strategic moves as a gears up for its build 2024 event next week and one move being in its video game sales strategy the software company reportedly aiming to release the coming installment of Call of Duty to its subscription service for more on what's new in tech. We have Bob Adonis technologist research president and chief analyst during us now. It's good to see you. So let's let's start there. By the way this was the journal reporting this that yes Microsoft is going to add the latest installment of that powerhouse franchise Call of Duty to its game past subscription service at lunch. Bob instead of you know selling it a la carte what did you make of that Bob big deal no deal. How did you see it. Well I mean look I think it's an evolution of what Microsoft is doing on their gaming business in general right. And they're seeing this subscription model as we've seen in every other aspect of the tech industry be something that they want to take advantage of. And so not really a surprise. I mean it honestly it's kind of like one of the last pieces to fall into this idea of a subscription based model. So I think it makes perfectly logical sense. Increasingly that's what we see. It's almost impossible to find something you can buy on its own now when it comes to software anymore. Not a surprise and it's a way for them to get more excitement around gate pass. Bob at the same time this was something that Bobby Kodak of Activision Blizzard was resistant to right over time. Now he's not there anymore. Does this do anything to the Activision franchise to the Call of Duty franchise in terms of a hit to reputation at all because they were so resistant or because you said as you said you know everybody's doing it now. It's not really going to matter. Yeah I don't think it hurts Activision at all. I mean it was going to happen eventually whether those guys wanted or not because the outside world again everybody's moved to this kind of a model. So you know I just feel like this is something that would have happened eventually and they're just making the decision to do it now and they feel like they have the opportunity like you said since things have changed there. And again it's all about getting more subscribers. At the end of the day it's as simple as that. And so what you in the same way that you know Netflix has got to have new shows and everybody else has got to have new content to get people to keep motivated you know to maintain those subscriptions. This is the exact same thing. And again consumers are used to it now. You're not making it any different from anybody else. No game feels better because it's not on a subscription. I mean I don't think people think that way anymore. And Bob you know as we mentioned stick with Microsoft next week is the company's big build conference. I'm going to be watching. This week was open AI and Google next week. It's Microsoft's turn to talk AI and front and center there Bob certainly there's going to be a lot of talk about co-pilot that's Microsoft's AI assistant. And it is early days Bob but certainly there are investors and analysts on a Wall Street who are excited about that tool and kind of the potential growth and adoption. What do you think. Well look I mean Microsoft jumped out on this early on right. Today we saw open AI do the chat GPT thing about 18 months ago and within three months all of a sudden Microsoft was talking about integrating the open AI stuff into their tools with co-pilot. So they jumped way out ahead of everybody else and frankly what we've seen since then is a lot of scrambling and catching up by the Googles of the world by the Amazons of the world by the Metas of the world. And now it's getting obviously significantly more competitive. So the expectation is that they're going to continue to build on what they've done with co-pilot. They brought it out into office we've seen that I expect to see that get developed further. So I mean they're going to keep building on the thing that they started and integrate it. And I think one of the big stories that's going to be interesting to watch over time for Microsoft and all these players is hey you know what we've been talking about proof of concepts and all this kind of stuff. Let's see an actual production. And so what I expect is that you're going to see them talking about are there new tools potentially that companies can use to make the process of integrating this stuff into their environment easier. Because the reality is there's a lot of companies out there who are super excited about this and they've tried some things here and there but to move that from hey we're playing around with it to actual production is much harder. And so I think you're going to see some of that. They've already done some of that. I expect we will see more. You're going to see their competitors do this as well. So it's going to be interesting to see but you know this is the year where I think and I've said this before here even on young finance. This is the year when AI really starts to have an impact and then eventually we start to see even more of a bottom line financial impact. We've started to see it. I expect we're going to be seeing more of that over the next 12 to 18 months. Hey Bob specifically to build also there was a Reuters report this morning that Microsoft plans to offer this new suite of AMD chips to sort of compete with Nvidia chips. What are sort of the implications of that for everyone concerned? Well look I mean to be honest with you I'm kind of surprised it's taken them this long. I mean everybody is doing this right. I mean everybody is looking at AMD because Nvidia makes incredible products. People love it. But nobody likes when there's one company that completely and utterly dominates. So that's why you've seen so much focus on you know additional players and additional competitors and additional alternatives. AMD has been out there plugging this story for a while. They make great products and from the people who've been really diving in deep in this stuff they're saying look they actually can absolutely can be competitive with Nvidia. So it just makes completely logical sense for Microsoft to do it. Again their competitors are starting to do it as well. I think this is just part of that general move towards a diversification of suppliers. We've got Intel is going to be pushing their Gaudi chips obviously. They're trying to get in there. You've got all these companies building their own custom chips. We've already seen that being announced by all the major players. So this is that sense of look all of this stuff is important but we can't rely just on Nvidia. Yes we're going to buy a ton of Nvidia but the growth opportunity is so big we need others to help us build this as well and this AMD move just seems like another version of that. Bob let's switch gears talk to Apple as well because we got this report that Apple is developing a significantly thinner iPhone could get released as soon as next year. Bob I don't think we know exactly how thin but thinner and according to this report price here you know let's say this report is true Bob. I guess that's Apple then moving kind of even harder into the high end of that smartphone market Bob. Here's the thing Josh I mean I don't want you but I mean honestly how much thinner do these things need to get. Do we really care. I shouldn't be so negative but you know look they showed what they could do with the new iPad Pros right. Thinnest product Apple's ever produced. They obviously set a standard there with that. Now the idea is oh let's bring this to the iPhone. There was another report that just came out today or the day before about moving to a new type of more dense battery because the battery is the thing that to be honest with you that's kept these phones as thick as they are because you need a certain amount of battery life and therefore that implies a certain thickness of the battery. If you can get a more efficient battery theoretically you can get a slimmer phone. There we go. We get a slimmer iPhone and some people will pay the premium because they want to have the coolest latest thing in the long run. I don't know. I'd much rather see an Apple foldable to be honest with you. Excuse me than a thinner one but hey you know I guess we'll take what we can get. Hey Bob who knows. Maybe thinner and foldable. I mean crazier things have happened. Bob thanks so much for joining us. Appreciate it. Thanks guys. Always a pleasure. Always. Time now for some of the day's trending tickers. Reddit shares. They are surging after announcing a partnership with Open AI team up to intended to enable Open AI's AI tools to better understand and showcase Reddit content. So companies saying in a statement here Julie this is going to enable Open AI's AI tools to better understand and showcase Reddit content especially on recent topics. So this means Open AI can train AI systems on Reddit data. Financial terms we don't know. Those did not get released. Of course this was sort of part of Reddit's pitch when it went public increasing revenue through these kinds of licensing agreements with AI companies and powerhouses like Open AI. Right and this is they've done a bunch of these thus far. I think there's something like 200 million or so that they have signed in deals that we know about or that have been reported on. One of them was with Google for 60 million dollars as well. And for Open AI's part it's been making these different partnerships too. There are a lot of questions about this. As you pointed out yesterday how are Redditors going to feel about this. And one story in the background that especially throws that into relief here is that Open AI reportedly is now getting rid of this what they call their super alignment team which sort of is a curb on the development of general artificial intelligence which is making AI that sort of is meant to mimic human intelligence and go beyond it. That would be a curb on allowing that to overpower its creators kind of like what you see in sci-fi. That team is no more and that has raised some concerns. This was sort of one of the things of the crux of Sam Altman's ouster from Open AI and then his re-institution. Why am I bringing it up with the Reddit story? Well if you're a Redditor and you're worried about the use of your content that's on Reddit being used for eventually some sort of nefarious or just purposes you don't want it to be used for. I don't know there's still a lot of questions about this whole area. There's quite a big questions for Reddit users. Investors like just one point I make. Roth MKM's Rohit Kulkarni, friend of the show in a note this morning. So he's a fan of Reddit. We know that he's a buy on the name. Says this kind of AI sentiment helps with near term momentum. We saw that today. Also says he would not be surprised if Amazon now finds a way to work more deeply with Reddit too and remember because what he's saying there is Reddit long term AWS customers. So we'll see if it's right. Yes we will. All right let's talk about Tilbury Brands to that company announcing at the market program to fund strategic and a creative acquisitions. The company's planning to sell shares as it looks to prep for a US cannabis rescheduling. What the heck does all of this mean? Basically the company says it is registering to sell $250 million in shares for potential sale. It doesn't mean it's going to. It means it potentially could do this and it made it very clear in its statement that it's not using this money for operations. That it would exclusively be for acquisitions once this from schedule one to schedule three gets done in the United States. Yeah and this has come back to the topic. We were talking about a lot this week. This is by administration looking at reclassified marijuana as a less thing just drug stock has been interesting. You know I mean down obviously hard today. It's also down hard in the red this year but also I mean just pulled back a bit nice pop recently up about 15 percent in the past month. Yes so they're taking advantage of that. Yep. All right finally let's look at GameStop AMC stocks sinking today after the mean madness return this week but they weren't the only stocks caught up in the craze. Now finances and as Frey is here to take a deeper look at some of the smaller names that saw some big moves this week. It is. Yeah Josh so everybody has heard of GameStop and AMC but have they heard of Faraday Future Intelligent Electric. Well I hadn't either until we saw what this stock was doing. This is a microcap stock. It is a company that's worth about 20 million dollars. Take a look there. I'm looking at it down 29 percent but it was up more than 120 percent today over the past week at one point it was up more than 7000 percent for the last week. On Monday this stock was trading at six cents. Earlier today was trading at over three dollars a share. Now you are seeing it at over one dollar a share. It's incredible what has happened with some of these stocks. Faraday by the way was the third most mentioned ticker on Reddit's sub forum Wall Street Bets. It was behind NVIDIA and behind SPY for the SPYDER ETF S&P 500 ETF. Another stock that was going crazy this week as well is called Crown Electrokinetics. That stock for the week is up more than 200 percent. It's a fiber optics and a smart glass microcap company. Also Green Wave Technology. This is a Virginia based metal recycling company. Sunpower also this week is up for the week after a crazy a few days and micro cloud hologram. That's another solar play that was up today more than 6 percent at one point for the week. It's up about 22 percent. A theme that you see among a lot of these smaller companies is that they are very small companies and the short interest on them tend to be really high for Faraday future. Short interest was more than 92 percent of the float. So obviously any move is exacerbated guys. Yeah most definitely and a lot of these companies just like Tilbury we just talked about like GameStop are taking advantage of the spikes in their shares to register to sell more shares. So that's an interesting corollary to what's going on. Thanks a lot. Thank you. Well as the meme trade finishes off a wild week of price swings during trading hours stocks like GameStop and AMCC big gains quickly then to flip throughout the week. But what if the traditional six and a half hour trading day were to change. Yeah I find it's just Schaefer is joining us here with more. So we're talking 24 hours 24 hour trading. Yes I've been asking a lot of folks in the space about that over the last month now. Since we had excuse me that report from the Financial Times that the New York Stock Exchange was pulling its investors about what it would like to see from 24 hour trading and any general interest there the New York Stock Exchange has not actually made an announcement on moving to that or anything like that. But sort of just speculating on what it would look like right. And one of the exchanges that we track already does have some version of 24 hour trading. So Robin Hood has what they call 24 five trading. And so five days a week you can trade for 24 hours on Robin Hood getting back to the meme stock part of this earlier this week on Monday. They said 12 percent of their action on GameStop came actually before the open. So in that 24 hour session and largely it seems like that's what strategists and people that are in the exchange space think this would look like anyway is people are still going to trade during the day. This is really a play for two different groups of people. One would be international investors. We have seen the companies specifically in the S&P 500 the big companies we talk about all the time a large portion of their revenue is now out of the U.S. And so people that we've outside of the U.S. want to invest in those companies the exchange is seeing opportunity to essentially appease that demand and be open during those hours. The other flip side to this too is just you can do everything on your phone now for 24 hours. And there's a younger generation of investors coming in right now specifically the group in their 20s that has only grown up being able to do everything on their phone. And again as an exchange which we should remember our businesses right. If there's demand for someone to trade for 24 hours to meet it the exchanges are going to want to meet them where the customer is. And they feel like that younger generation of customer is on their phone all the time and they want to be able to give them access to trade. And for investors Josh what would be the pros and cons of this. Yeah I mean the pros Josh like I said is just more access I think from a institutional standpoint the CME group had told me that they were looking at it from like a risk perspective right when you see the opportunity to be able to hedge risk before the market opens. What you're looking at right now is daily volume in non U.S. hours on the E-mini NASDAQ 100. That's increased since 2019 and stayed relatively steady there. That's been an interesting development. People as news happens overnight being able to react to it. And then sort of the drawback would be what if there aren't enough people in the market at 2 a.m. Eastern right and what does that do to liquidity. It seemed like some of the strategies I talked to you thought that that won't be that big of an issue but I think it a little bit remains to be seen because we haven't really gotten there yet of if we open this all the way up and you can trade at 1 a.m. Eastern what is it going to look like. The fear would be if there's low volume then there's not going to be the people to come in to buy the stock right when you look to sell it at a certain price right now that spread when you have high volume is pretty narrow that spread could widen significantly if you're trading in low volume hours. Did they get rid of the bell at the New York Stock Exchange? You know we were talking about I talked about that. Do you think they're still open at that time I guess? Right yeah so maybe they don't and I think if we're still going to see a lot of people trading in traditional hours then maybe the bell still matters right. It's our time to log off if we want to log off. Alright Josh thank you appreciate it. Coming up it's the latest edition of our series goodbye or goodbye. We'll take a deep dive into the two stocks to help you make the best choices to your portfolios. Stay tuned for more market domination after this. It's a big noisy universe of stocks out there. Welcome to goodbye or goodbye. Our goal is to help cut through that noise to navigate the best moves for your portfolio. Today we're examining your leisure spending dollars. Where are they going? Joining me here discussing the best ways to get your portfolio. Yes. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.