 So what do the data tell us about how Americans under Trump did versus how they're doing under President Biden? Well, our Bloomberg economists looked at six key economic indicators and to gauge the performance of the US economy under both presidents. And it turns out conditions were better under Trump for disposable personal income, inflation, the stock market performance and mortgages while the unemployment rate and GDP overall economic growth was better under Biden. But it was really those kitchen table metrics, inflation, prices and income, disposable income that I think is really carrying the day here with voters. That's what they're focused on. You know, this affects their day to day life and these kitchen table issues are really driving their opinion about the presidential candidates right now. It's interesting because when you look at inflation, it's such a complicated story, isn't it? This whole idea that yes, prices are up, but then you're also upset about every part of that story. The idea that it's harder to buy a home as well with this higher interest rate environment too. I mean, ultimately, is it the higher interest rate regime that President Biden has lived under that has really compounded the issue from many Americans as well? Yeah, and the White House would say it's not really fair to hold high inflation against Biden, but that he's being unfairly hit with high prices because he took office after math of the pandemic, was still still really dealing with the pandemic. You know, an inflation that was driven in some parts by, you know, the stagling of the supply chains and other issues globally that, you know, had nothing to do with the presidency. Whereas Donald Trump took office, you know, in the middle of the longest expansion in history. But, you know, it's a small comfort for consumers who are facing higher prices. They don't want to hear that, you know, inflation rate has come down and prices are moderating if the prices for eggs and groceries and other things they buy are more expensive today than they were three years ago. Yeah, Marcus, I was reading your story. I felt like I could have shared an anecdote from what happened over the weekend. I was visiting a friend in Colorado and I was at a hardware store buying a specialty battery for something. And I went over to the battery section. There were two gentlemen over there and I said, OK, this is where the batteries are. And they were both talking about how much more expensive batteries have become in the last and they specifically said this three and a half years. And what struck me about that comment was, well, that just goes exactly to the time that the President Biden has been president. This is something that I think Americans are thinking about a lot, not just at their dinner tables. And it's not good news for the current president come November. Right, because you can you can tell people till he's blue in the face that, you know, the numbers are getting better or that other metrics are are are doing really well, like the unemployment rate. But if the prices are still high, that's just going to override everything. It also allows, you know, President Trump to say, well, I had, you know, the greatest economy in the history of the world when I was president and we'll go back to that if you elect me. Well, on that note, too, is it that you have voters prioritizing pricing and inflation over jobs or just also this idea that you started to recognize in the story where a lot of the jobs lost when you think about the Trump administration was during COVID? Did he almost get a pass on that because of COVID? Well, I think the Trump campaign would certainly argue that it should be the case that if you're going to compare the jobs record, you should only compare jobs in the first 38 months of the Trump administration to the first 38 months of, you know, the Biden administration because that factors out the job loss because of COVID. But it kind of cuts both ways, you know, the COVID hit on Trump, you know, in some ways, you know, helped Biden on the on the rebound when the economy recovered, you know, we recovered jobs that, you know, had been lost in the pandemic that sort of factor into the job gains under Biden. So he can point to, you know, this this big job gain number. And it's not all from, you know, COVID recovery, but, you know, just the fact that the economy was recovering and coming back from the lockdowns under Biden helps his overall jobs record.