 Now, right around 40,000, that record high level milestone that we first hit yesterday, we're trading just below that level. Now, this recent move higher coming following, that's softer, maybe than expected inflation printers pretty much in line with the streets expectations. That renewed some hopes of ray cuts, although we are seeing a bit of a repricing here today. Now this comes after a month-long rally that has pushed all three of the major averages here to closing highs. Our next guest though, saying that despite some of the positive econ data, there might be some macro headwinds ahead. Let's talk about it. We've got Rokia Ibrahim, BCA research strategist is here. It's great to see you here. So I'm curious how you're taking a look at these record levels, some of this optimism that we have seen continuously play out here in the US equity market and what that ultimately means here in terms of that momentum trade and where we head from here. Right. You're right. There is a lot of optimism in the market right now. What we've seen over the past month or so is that the narrative has sort of shifted from a landing narrative to one that's sort of like a soft landing narrative. And that's really what's supporting the market right now. But this could continue over the next couple months, but when we take a look at what the cyclical outlook is, as you mentioned, we think that there are some headwinds in the economy that are going to then weigh on the outlook for equities. And so when we are looking at these headwinds, it's really the US consumer that we're concerned about. It's the driver of the US economy. And we think that the situation isn't going to be a lot grimmer in 12 months from now. You've defined the consumer right now. I mean, we've heard this definition or how they've been categorized, how we've been categorized really changed over the course of the last year from resiliency now to what we were hearing from Walmart CFO when we spoke with him yesterday and relatively stable here. How are you monitoring the situation there? Absolutely. And when we take a look at the consumer, I think there are three main things that is driving consumer spending. First of all, it's their savings. And what we've seen over the past year or so is that the excess savings that were built up during the pandemic have come down and they're being depleted. And so the savings rate, we expect that to rise and that will hurt spending in the process. The second main component is the income. So we're seeing wage growth slow. We're seeing some signs that the labor market is deteriorating, and that is going to weigh on the income of the consumer. The third main pillar and the final pillar is the borrowing from their future earnings. And what we're seeing from things like the sluice is that banks are tightening lending standards and that's negative for consumer borrowing. What's going to be enough to keep some of this move to the upside, this optimism alive? And if we're due for a pullback, is that actually something that investors should be viewing as a healthy move then here for the market? Well, yeah. I mean, I do think that the S&P 500 is quite richly valued right now. I mean, it's not where it was, let's say during the dot com, but burst if you look at the forward PE, it's right now, it's around 20. But if you take a look at something like price to sales ratio, it's quite high, higher than where it was because of elevated profit margins. And that's another thing that's probably going to weigh on the outlook for the S&P Fivern is that these profit margins are probably going to come down a little bit. And that's going to weigh down on the outlook, especially even if we don't get a very, even if we get like a mild recession, you know, that is going to weigh on the outlook for the on equities because they're so richly valued right now. After times in the past where we've had such a pile into one specific theme, and in this case, it's generative AI and it's a lot of the overcrowdedness of tech, where do we see that broadening out typically take place thereafter? Yeah. I mean, I think that investors are very optimistic about this AI developments. And I mean, there is reason to be optimistic, but I think that they're, you know, they've brought a lot of that, you know, future optimism forward. And that's really boosting, you know, these tech stocks. And that's what really is keeping them very highly valued. And I think that if we do have a macroeconomic environment that's deteriorating, they're going to be more susceptible, you know, to some declines because they're so richly valued right now. And so we're looking to shift towards a more defensive positioning in terms of U.S. equities, favoring things like utilities, healthcare stocks, consumer staples that would probably do much better in a, or do relatively better in a situation where the economy deteriorates. Okay. I'll talk to us about some of the excitement that we certainly have seen investor sentiment surrounding commodities. We have seen this move, this leg higher when you take a look at the price, I would look at crude. We can take a look at copper, for example. We can take a look at gold. What is that signal to you as the investor in just in terms of where we are within this cycle? Yeah, that's a great question. I think when you take a look at what's happening with commodities, there are a few things going on. You know, commodities are typically a good inflation hedge. You know, what we've seen over the past month is, or since the beginning of the year really, is that concerns about inflation being stickier than expected have, you know, have supported inflation hedges. And so things like commodities benefit from that. You know, there's also these geopolitical risks that are happening and impacting, you know, oil markets and that's supporting oil prices, although they have, of course, come down and those risks seem to have ebbed at least based on the behavior of investors. And typically commodities do well in a late cycle environment. And so what we're seeing right now is most likely this sort of behavior reflect the late cycle environment that we're in. You know, commodities do not lead the S&P 500 in sniffing out a recession and that's mainly due to energy. So they actually, energy prices typically peak after the S&P 5 and usually after a recession. And so, you know, seeing these commodity prices rise is not necessarily a signal that the economic environment is going to continue remaining resilient. Rukhaya Ibrahim, BCA Research Strategist. Thanks so much for taking the time here with us today. Really appreciate it. Thanks for having me.