 Hey there, my Investing Curious friends. Welcome to Opening Bid. I'm Brian Sazi, Yahoo Finance's executive editor. Thank you for joining us either on YouTube, Yahoo Finance, Spotify, iHeart Media, Pandora or Amazon Music. If you're loving Opening Bid, hit us with those likes and fire off your questions and hot takes to me on X at Brian Sazi and at Yahoo Finance. We're here to help and listen. Now let's make some money and well, hopefully get a lot smarter. Joining me today is Jonathan Boyer, President of Boyer Research and Research. I'm the host of the World According to Boyer podcast. Jonathan, good to see you in person. Appreciate it. Thanks for having me. This is a lot of fun. Yeah, it is kind of fun. The ability to explore in the morning and talk about stocks, I'm really grateful for this platform. So you, my friend, are known as the value guy. What does it mean to be a value investor in the year 2024? That's a great question because it's very different than being a value investor when my dad started the firm in 1975 where you're finding these cigar butts, really cheap stocks. That's not the case. Today you have to be a lot more curious. You have to be curious. You have to be catalyst driven and you can't just be focused on if something is unbelievably cheap. There has to be something that's going to make the stock ascend in value and we look at anything from non-traditional value stocks like an Uber to an Asset Play like Madison Square Garden Sports. So an Uber is a value stock in your eyes because that's a one to add. How do you know you're starting the financials that this stock is a value? How do you identify that? You look at what it could become and you have to place a value on the network that it's built and this is a very different company than when Travis was running it in 2017. Founder Travis Kalnick, right? Yeah. Very different company indeed. This is actually a real company with like real management. It actually makes money. It makes money. It's always a good thing. It's always a good thing and we thought that the network they built would be impossible to replicate or extremely expensive. So when it was trading around $30 or $40 a share, it got really interesting to us and it's pulled back recently. I think it's close to around $65, $66 down from $80 and we think this thing could be a multi-bagger over a long period of time. I mean, is this a lot of runway for growth? They're doing all the right things. The CEO is doing a fantastic job and it's a verb basically. You use it for everything. Yeah, it's true. I think I'll call out my brother on this one. So he will message me and say, hey, I found this cheap stock. It's trading at $3 a share. In my instinct, always to tell him, yeah, it's probably garbage. I mean, can you just help us understand some of the mistakes investors continue to make? One, because the stock is priced under $5, it's value. But then two, they may go and see a price to earnings ratio in a company that's $3. And my contention is always, well, it's probably well deserved. It's a crappy company. Yeah, you can't just find a stock that's trading at $3 earnings. As you said, it's probably well deserved. You're going to buy a bunch of low quality retailers. It's okay and this is what Buffett learned from Munger is it's okay to pay up or pay fair value for a stock that is fantastic. You want to buy a great business that has room to compound over decades. And that's what you want to do. You don't want to just find cheap stocks. How do you find your opportunity? So there's just thousands of stocks and it is overwhelming, especially for the average investor doesn't have access to a lot of information. Thousands of stocks, data coming at them from every angle. How do you go about finding, let's say, 10 amazing companies to invest in? And then once you find those amazing companies, what do you look for? Is it a PE? How do you grade a management team? Is it cash flow? Like take us through that. One it's having a great team. We have a great team of four investment professionals plus myself and my father. So this is all we're doing is looking for it. And the way we look at everything is what would an acquire or pay for the business? What would Warren Buffett, well maybe not Warren Buffett because he doesn't want to pay up. He doesn't want to buy anything right now. Well, except Chubb. We think that's a great idea and maybe he buys the whole thing. You never know. I mean, it's a cheap stock run by Evan Greenberg and is doing a fantastic job. But you want to look, is this stock selling significantly below what an acquire would pay for the entire business? And is there a reason for the stock to ascend in value over a reasonable period of time? Could there be a management change? Could there be a big stock buyback? Could they make a great acquisition? There's lots of different reasons for a stock to go up. What is it like working for your dad? It's great. It's listen, these things can go either way. It can be terrible or it can be fantastic. We have a great relationship. It's a lot of fun. I've learned a ton from him and it's just, I'm lucky. It's just been a fantastic ride and we're just having a lot of fun. How did you, how did he get into investing? How did he start? His dad was an account or my grandfather who I never met was an accountant and decided, you know, and that was a great way of looking at stocks, especially in the 1970s or late 60s when he started his career. And he decided to start a research boutique in 1975 and, you know, he's built a good reputation and then started managing money in 1983 and, you know, now we're here. And you were a lawyer, right? I was a lawyer. Wow, that was a mistake. What has to help you understand, you know, if companies are doing shenanigan type things. I mean, I'm spotting BS by management teams. It does, law school, law school is great, the practice of being a lawyer and looking at your watch and like, how am I going to build this? Is this not a great way to make a living? And I just, you know, I had this opportunity to work with my dad. It was 2008, so I had great timing. You know, you start right in the middle of a great financial crisis, but it's made me a very skeptical investor. I could see things can go south very, very quickly and you always want to look at your downside and that's just a great way to, you know, I think to invest. It's not what you make, it's what you keep and, you know, preservation of capital is key. I think Barron's called your dad what the world's most patient investor. How does he stay so patient? That's a really good question. I'm patient, not nearly as patient as he is. What is patient even equal? I mean, could he say buy a stock and maybe hold it for a decade? Is that patient? It's patient, you know, it's funny. I had Ken Langone on my podcast. Home Depot co-founder, right? Yeah, fantastic. And, you know, he said his average holding period is 38 years. So and he's done pretty well. Yeah. I mean, I think just being able to hold on through thick and thin, not worrying about the day-to-day movement to the stock market, you know, I know from a news perspective, obviously it's exciting. We're trying to stay in business, John. We've got to keep the lights on. Yeah, exactly. But but most investors fall into the trap that they have to do something. And to what my dad has instilled in me is doing nothing as an action. Actually, you know, just sticking, I look at what our biggest winners have been either Home Depot or a Marrior Prize or Microsoft, just sticking with them through thick and thin and letting the magic of tax deferred compounding work is a great way to make money. In an interesting way, let's actually segue this nicely into the next topic. And I thought, I'm like, I have to ask a value guy about the return of the meme stock of Mania. I'll just put it over to you. What do you think about the action we're seeing again in a company like a GameStop and AMC, both of them, I would argue, are distressed companies? Your argument is 100 percent correct. I think it's horrible for investors. Spencer Jacob over at the Wall Street Journal wrote a great book a couple of years ago on this and the people who are going to be holding the bag are individual investors. Some of the fast money hedge funds that are probably making money off of this will do just fine. But it's just a recipe to lose money. There's no instant way to make money. It's not a, you know, maybe someone will get lucky and they'll sell when it goes up 200 percent, but most likely they're just going to lose everything or most of their capital. I think this is terrible for investors. It's terrible for sentiment and hopefully it ends sooner rather than later. Is it terrible for the investing process? I look at these stocks and I can't help but to think there's a 21-year-old out there, maybe a 19-year-old or a younger person thinking I have to find some way to open up a trading account. I'm going to try to get rich overnight and they ride up GameStop. It's up 40 percent one day and the next day they lose it all and they never invest again. I mean, it has to just damage the whole wealth building process. Yeah, it leaves them with a horrible taste in their mouth, but greed is a very powerful thing. People thought they would never invest after the 2000 mania, after 2008. People will always come back to invest, but it's not healthy for the investment process or the investment business where stocks are going up 50, 100 percent a day and then the next day losing 30 percent or 40 percent. Is that what you think that is? Is that what we're seeing here greed? Now I've been doing this. I was an analyst for like 10 years and I love all of this, all of your research and forgotten 40. These are things that I used to do and I get your process. For me, it's still hard to see someone on social media, what roaring kitty person most people have never actually met or they watch him on YouTube wherever he might be, put a photo out and a stock price goes up 200 percent. It doesn't make any sense. Makes zero sense. He's a CFA. It's just like a very strange phenomenon. I don't understand it. It's not rational, but it makes a great story. Listen, there's a lot of trading this week because of it. The broker jazzy, I'm sure, or any exchanges are really happy, but over the long run this is just noise. Does it give you any indication on the broader market? Because it suggests the Dow just hit 40,000. Maybe things are getting a little frothy if people are willing to bid off companies that are near death. I mean, I think this is such a small part of the population that is doing this. But it shows overall investment sentiment is getting into speculation. And that is not a good thing. You look at, you know, I look at the individual investor surveys and they're getting more and more bullish as a contrarian. That makes me extremely nervous. But I don't think, I think this is just a great story. It's fun to watch on the sidelines, but I think people would be best to stay away. All right. Fair enough. All right. Okay. If you are watching Opening Bid on our streaming platforms, we're heading for a quick break. Everyone else stay with us. We are still rocking our 24 minutes for Opening Bid as usual. So Jonathan, you know, we were just talking a lot about the meme stock mania returning. And this comes at a time of Dow 40,000. It's a number that perhaps I couldn't have imagined 10, 15 years ago. Do you care about these round numbers for averages like this? I mean, it sets an anchor, but you know, Dow 30,000 was like, I think they said 830 days ago. So, I mean, it's, listen, it's something, it gets the investment public excited, but it does, I'm a stock guy. I'm a stock, I don't invest in indices. I invest in companies, but it's amazing. In 1961, I think the, the Dow was like 600. That's crazy. It's crazy to think about it. But then it's also crazy to think about what another 25% or a Dow 50,000. I mean, are the corporations fundamentally in a place where maybe if you and I are having this conversation 18 months from now, maybe we are at Dow 50,000. Are the fundamentals of companies in that good a shape? From your vantage point. Yeah, I think it's a stock by stock basis. I think the Dow is a flawed index because it's price weighted and I just never really understood that. So that, but I think there's a lot of stocks that are selling at attractive prices, whether that translate into the indices going up higher or not. But I think if you're smart and you, you pick the right names, you can do quite well over the next three to five years. But whether it's, you know, we get Dow, you know, S&P 7000 or the Dow 50,000. When that happens, if that happens, I have no idea. Think about Japan. I mean, you were finally getting back to, you just got back to what? 1990 or 89 levels. So, you know, investors need to be careful. Is there still, so the Dow, of course, obviously is made up of 30 companies. Any names in there that you like has the move to Dow 40,000 pushed a lot of those 30 names to valuations that no longer make sense? I mean, I think there's a lot of names in there that are interesting. None in particular. I, I, I traffic in a lot of the small to mid cap names. I do like larger names, you know, Bank of America, JP Morgan are all, all interesting. Chubb, as you mentioned earlier with Warren Buffett, not because Warren Buffett buying, buying a week owned it before, but that's an interesting stock. Some of the insurance names are interesting. So there's a whole host of names out there, whether from the popular names that are on Yahoo Finance that people talk about all the time. So they're all talking about GameStop. So you're buying GameStop? This is what they're doing. Like they come and I could see we have an interesting spot on our site. Jonathan, it's called Trending Tickers. And it really captures like the, the zeitgeist of the moment in the markets and GameStop, so popular AMC. Reddit is actually a real business. So I'm going to wipe Reddit away, but the, the interest in these names are phenomenal. Everybody seems to want to get rich overnight. Well, I mean, that's the story as old as time. Yeah. I mean, it's, but Reddit, you know, just one public, it hasn't made a profit in a full year profit in it since its whole history, which dates back, what, 17, 18 years. So, I mean, it is a real, it is a real business. Very different than GameStop. Yep. But I got to give, I think it was AMC or GameStop credit. They did raise money by selling shares at the market, but at least they, They're a bit of a prevent death for another year or something. Just, yeah, it's, it's, it's, it's holding back the inevitable. So talk to us a little bit about some of the biggest risks you see to markets going in the back half of the year. And I just, I'm going to be a real shmo and name job. We just had a great conversation with President Biden here at Yau Finance. I was an honor to be in the White House talking about tariffs. Very little in the economy, about a limited time with him. But it really got me to thinking, you know, this election is going to be very close in the fall. It's going to be very close. And, you know, when it comes to the time where the Dow is hitting 40,000, people are paying up for stocks. Is the election a big risk that people are currently underpricing? That's a great question. First, congratulations. Thank you. The interview. Appreciate it. Awesome. Thank you. The, the election's a risk. I mean, when you have to worry about, will they, people dispute the election? That, that's a little bit. It strikes me as a risk. Yes, yes. That's a little bit scary. I mean, there's, but there's always a reason not to buy stocks. I mean, listen, you can, I can name a whole bunch of risks. There's geopolitical risk in the Middle East. You have Ukraine, you have inflation. There's so many things, but, you know, you've always had that. So I think investors should have a longer timeframe than from, you know, November of this year. They should be looking two, three, four years from now. And what happens? What's the impact of the, of the election? And we'll see, we'll see. But listen, that's why I've always been a proponent of investing slowly over time. You're never going to get the top. You're never going to get the bottom. You just slowly dollar-cost averaging. And I think that would serve investors quite well. Is there a way to election proof your portfolio? Are there companies out there that no matter what happens to the election, either way, whoever wins, they're just, they're going to do good in 2025 and 2026. I, they may do well. There may be companies that will do well fundamentally, but their stock price probably already reflects that. So there are businesses that are, you know, a staple type of businesses, but they're generally pretty expensive. So you can't, I don't think you can invest that way. You have to have a, you want to buy businesses that you can hold five, 10, 15 years. Not ones that you have to worry about. If you're worried about 20, 20, 25 or 2026, because you want your money back, you probably shouldn't be in stock market for that time period because anything can happen over a one or two year period. Now, you don't have, you don't do watch lists at your firm, right? We don't have, I mean, we always have a watch list of things. Our coverage universe, I should say. Yeah, we'll look at anything. I mean, we want to be flexible. That's what differentiates us from the traditional sell side, where we will look at anything as long as it's cheap. Are you inclined, so I was trying to get at, so are you inclined to change ratings or views on stocks because of the election? When you meet with your team, they're saying, hey, election risk for these names is starting to perhaps get a little high based on who is ahead in the polls. Do you make those changes now? No, the election is really no bearing on what we're doing. It's are these companies getting expensive? We have a company like, like a Wattsco, for example, which is a great business, but it's selling for 30 times earning. It's an HVAC distribution company. That's getting us a little nervous selling at 30 times. So that's what that's what worries us, not whether Biden or Trump or something else, I'm reading about the right now book about the 68 election. You know, anything can happen. That's a risk. So talk to us about your forgotten 40. I love just talking about stocks. Like, what are some of the biggest stock opportunities in markets from your vantage point that people may not know of? Undiscovered gems, maybe? Well, I mean, one that's a top topical, you know, the Knicks are in the are they? They've been so bad for so long, but they're doing fine now. And so are the Rangers Madison Square Garden Sports. Right now it's controlled by James Dolan. He's still a terrible owner. I'll say you don't have to say it. I'll say it here. We can say on the podcast. Yes, you know, I can't disagree with you. OK, but investors have made a lot of money investing alongside of him. Right now you the enterprise value of Madison Square Garden Sports, which is the Knicks and the Rangers. So you can buy the whole thing for five billion dollars less than five billion dollars, the Knicks alone are probably worth seven, eight, nine billion dollars in a sale. That means you're getting paid down the Rangers. Are you a believer in investing what you know? Because I'm sure a lot of folks like listening to this, I kind of like the Knicks. I'm jacked up. Maybe I'm going to buy some stock. Is that a real thing or was it Peter Lynch that came up? Yeah, I it's it's invest what you know, but at the right price. And that's you know, there are things that I love. That is to that might be too expensive for me. We spent a lot of money at Costco. And listen, it's been a great stock and I'm just great. So I started I've gotten back into the Costco scene. I understand like for all of Tomahawks, you get like three pounds of meat, man. Like I mean, you can't be Costco, but you got because of that experience. There's always a treasure hunt in Costco. That's why Charlie Munger, I mean, long time board member loved Costco. I mean, every even though stock trades at a at a premium to the market, those always has I mean, deserves it. It's it's been one of the great compounding stories in history. Yeah, but it's at 40 times earnings. That's a stock where you said it'll do fine, regardless of what happens in the election, but at 40 times earnings or whatever it is, I'm a little nervous. So you have to be very price disciplined. What happens to Madison Square Garden? What's the end game for a company like that? What I think will probably happen is James Dolan. You know, right now, Silver Lake owns about 10 percent of the company. It's a private equity firm. And then some other really notable investors, KKR, Ariel's, you know, John Rogers at Ariel, they they they own it is a private equity firm comes in and takes a stake in the team, you know, 10, 15, 20 percent. And they use the money to buy back shares. Stock goes up. That's probably what happens at some point in time. Maybe he sells the whole team, one or both of the teams. There's a lot could happen. And that's not the only sports team. I mean, you have the Atlanta Braves. When public, what a year ago, I remember covering the IPO at the Nasdaq. But the play with the Braves now I'm into like stock picking. You just got me like bringing me back into the that universe. But the the real kicker and that was they own the land around the brain. They have developed it, I think, with Truist is building like their their headquarters around there. It's a huge land play. Yeah, it's called the battery. It's one of the most visited places in in America. It's a great real estate development. And right now, the stock is trading for thirty eight thirty nine dollars. We think it goes for the mid in the mid fifties in a sale to control by John Malone, who's done, you know, who's he's not an emotional seller. If he gets a great price and it's tax efficient, he'll sell the thing. So it's that's another one. So things that you like, if you like baseball, take a look at it. What other what are their names along these lines that people might relate to you like? Uber is over before is is interesting. You know, what's amazing with with with Uber is that Lyft is still out there. I mean, but Lyft has been Lyft's been hammered. Yeah, it's it's a network effect business. You know, the more riders you have, the more drivers you have. It's a kind of a virtuous cycle. So it's it's one that, you know, I think people should be should be looking at. So even as a value guy, you're willing to you're willing to pay up for a growth name like Uber. To me, it is a much higher quality name than Lyft. They have a lot more competitive advantage than Lyft does. And I'd rather pay more for a better company. You're working on your mid year update. I know you come out with that. Yeah, it should be June or July. We'll have it. And, you know, it's we're looking forward to it. We usually profile eight or nine, maybe 10 stocks that we think are interesting. And other new themes you're looking at. Do you do you invest or to make picks off of themes? We're not necessarily the huge thematic investors, although there are things like underbuilding of housing in the US that makes things interesting. So I can't find a house at all. They don't exist. Yeah, it's I mean, there's the inventory is so low. So how do you play that? Do you buy a home builder? Do you buy something like Home Depot? Like there's lots of different stuff out there. So maybe we have one of those in there. Yeah, three weeks ago, the stock prices were very different than they are today. So it's it's a constant, you know, it's a constant battle. I may have to go find a prairie like Michael Landon and Little House in the Prairie, build my own home because it's actually come to that point. So about 30 seconds left. We try to like leave investors a little bit better off than they were before. Any inspirational message to investors? How do they become a better investor? Anything you got. Read, read as much as you can. Sites like yours where you can go in and find out a lot of information. It's available for free to the public and you can find out almost anything. Read every paper that you can and just find out, you know, just be smart, take a longer term view. That's the way to make money, not, you know, these meme stocks. And watch a watch a lot of sports games like the Knicks, right? That's due diligence. That's a good point, Jonathan Boyer. Thanks for always coming on Yaw Finance. Thanks for joining opening bid. We really appreciate it. Thanks for having me. And that's it for the latest episode of Opening Bid.