 Professor, help us understand, like, what did you make of what happened with GameStop this week? Yeah, that was a repeat of what happened a few years ago, and I'll say the same thing I said a few years ago. Long-term holders are not going to be happy in these stocks. In the short run, you're going to the casino. You may win big, you may have a lot of fun, but as a long-term hold, it is doomed. None of those are going to produce really any returns. But, you know, Professor, last time everyone was sitting at home, everyone had pandemic checks that they may not need to pay their bills, and that's what the excuse was for fueling all of this. Supposedly, that shouldn't be the case this time. Supposedly, our household savings are being drawn down, we're charging more on credit cards, everyone should be back in the office. So what gives? Well, you know, there's still that mystique. I mean, there was that movie, Dumb Money. You know, that, you know, sort of glamorized the whole process of, you know, giving it to the short sellers. And I think that ethos was still there. And boy, I mean, as you said, you know, one picture could spark several billion dollars is something really to ponder about when you're talking about quirks in the market. Yeah. Well, that's what I'm curious about when we talk about sort of who has the power to really do that. And I know that this might be a bit of an anomaly, but we've seen this on a smaller scale from time to time, where one particular person who has some degree of influence for one reason or another comes out, says something. And then the whole herd just kind of just follows behind it blindly, if you will, here. You understand just kind of how market psychology works. Is it materially different today than what it was, I don't know, 30 years ago, or is just or we're just kind of seeing a different iteration of it. You know, short, Romain, short squeezes have been with us for centuries. You know, you can go back in the 19th century, those famous short squeezes on railroad stocks. And there's been in the commodity market. So, you know, these these type of situations, you know, certainly have occurred before that it's occurred in the way that it has with, you know, with young people rather than seasoned speculators. Is the difference. But we certainly have had episodes of of of this type of behavior in the past. Does that type of behavior, and more importantly, some of the market distortions that grow out of it? Is that something material or is it just kind of like the market as a whole can just deal with it in passing and then at some point we get back to reality? Yeah, I mean, really, when you talk about them, you know, you said a billion, maybe two billion was added. You know, when you consider the trillions of dollars in the stock market, it really does not have a big impact. I mean, some of the short squeezes of the past in major stocks like railroads when they were flying back in the late 19th century or when the hunts had a short squeeze in the silver market. I mean, those were things that really did matter. This, again, is a lot of fun for a lot of people, but really in the big picture of equities is not very significant. I mean, it probably definitely mattered to Gabe Plotkin a few like a year and two years ago. But I know your point is taken. I'm going to go to the topic that Wall Street loves to hate. And that's Dow at 40,000. It's a nice round number. We like round numbers. That's when I get the phone call from my mother-in-law asking me about Dow 40,000. Is that a psychological milestone? Oh, yeah. I mean, I think all these 10,000s are psychological 50 or so. It'll be the kind of half of that 100,000, 10,000 level. You know, we make a lot of, you know, everyone says, well, the Dow is 30 stocks. You know, it is a very imperfect measure. It started back in the 19th century when we didn't have computers. So you just added the price and divided by 30. It was something that people would do. And it was only calculated once an hour back then. Of course, our computers now are able to do any sort of math. So people make fun of it. The interesting thing is if you go back 50 years, the compound return on the Dow has not only challenged the S&P, but actually exceeded the S&P. So as an average, in the long run, I wouldn't make a lot of fun of it. Wow. OK. That feels kind of intuitive to some Wall Street believers over there. So I guess what happens now? Like, where where do we end here? Well, I mean, you know, we could talk about whether we're where are we with this whole market? I mean, we are we are rich. Things are good on the earnings front. You know, there's this big question about whether the Fed will cut or not. What I keep on saying is there's good cuts and there's bad cuts. Bad cuts, if the economy slows a lot, that's not going to be good for the stock market. Good cuts. If inflation slows with the economy strong. Wow, that's going to, you know, continue to propel the market upward. So it's not just a matter of waiting for cuts. It's a question of what will prompt those cuts. I do think we're going to have some at year end. And you know, I'm very hopeful that it's going to be that decline on the inflation front. When you look at market fundamentals in, I mean, even in anticipation of those cuts, Jeremy, the question then has to be asked, are economic fundamentals supportive of corporate fundamentals, which in turn would be supportive of market valuations? If we don't get those cuts, does that matter? Yeah, well, we're selling what, maybe 20 to 21 times forward earnings. Certainly that's a bit richer than history. I've actually argued that that really it should be selling at that, that normally stocks sell kind of too much of a discount to to their fundamentals. So, you know, when there's degrees of optimism, you get back up to what I think is a fundamental valuation. But yeah, you know, it's quite interesting because the real economic indicators have fallen short of expectation. A lot of people are talking about 4 percent GDP. Now we're barely talking about 3 percent GDP in the second quarter. Now that's not terrible. There might actually be a downward revision now that we got the data on retail sales on the first quarter. So, you know, the growth isn't quite as strong as we had hoped for. Sticky inflation. We hope that, you know, the I've talked about the rental component being distorted and hopefully lower rents are going to eventually fall into that index. So there's a lot of positive. There's a lot of technically it still looks good. I mean, we don't see any sign of recession, but we have to keep our eyes open. And as I said, this this last week, week and a half, I think almost every real indicator actually came in below expectations. So I just watched those things to see whether that is going to accumulate or not. Again, it could just be temporary.