 The bromance continuing, it's significant that this is Putin's first trip of his fifth term abroad, that he goes to spend it with Xi. We know that Putin wants China to replace Europe in terms of energy trade, tech and financial markets, but how realistic does this crusher plan look post this trip? Yeah, I think the main sort of characteristic, I suppose, of Chinese support so far for Russia's war in Ukraine is that they have sort of tried very carefully to fall short of provoking the kind of very sweeping sanctions that we've seen taken against Russia by the US, by various European powers and so on. And so while China is providing a lifeline economically speaking, so for example, they are the main source of trade and investment for Russia. They are buying up cheap Russian energy. They are also providing Russia with white goods, things like mobile phones, washing machines, even cars, things that Russia is no longer able to access from other markets because of those sanctions. So we do see this critical role, but in practical terms it's really unlikely that we see something much deeper or much more expansive. We did have this trade agreement for more deeper cooperation between China and Russia. We'll wait to see some of the details of that, but trade has already been somewhat stressed between the two. It appears because of some of those threats of US reprisals for allegations around China's support for various parts of Russia's industrial war machine. So for example, trade between China and Russia actually fell in March. It fell for the first time in 2022. So in some ways we might see China and Russia trying to repair, trying to reinstate some of those boundaries, but there are these other constraining factors around sanctions that do create limits for Beijing. Yeah, that stronger United Voice against the US really notable out of this trip. Where does it leave though China's support for Russia's war in Ukraine in practical terms? Yeah, I think that's sort of a key issue. Putin on the one hand clearly wanting much deeper and persistent support, but China is also balancing a whole other diplomatic dilemma. And that is that while Russia on the one hand is its most important partner in building a so-called multipolar world that push back against what they call US containment that you refer to. In practical terms, China does not want to be lumped in or bridge alongside Russia. It does not want to invoke the sort of financial isolationist, isolationism that Russia has been hit with as a result of its invasion. So it is a very tricky dilemma where it globally on the one hand, while Russia is clearly a critical important geopolitical and diplomatic partner, on the other hand, Xi Jinping does need to put a little bit or just enough space between the two. There's also a distinction I suppose that's useful to make between Putin and Xi Jinping, the relationship, the personal relationship. They've met more than 40 times. As you mentioned at the outset, it's sort of a somewhat of an informal tradition that has emerged between these two leaders to visit their respective counterparts. Country is the first overseas trip after beginning a new presidential term. They've celebrated birthdays together, but there is a distinction between those sort of very robust personal ties that the two leaders seem to exhibit versus the broader and somewhat sort of contradictory, somewhat strained national interests of these two countries, particularly as China is on the one hand also trying to sort of smooth over relationships with Europe, with the US to try and encourage them to stop kind of pressing forward with this move to diversify away from China's own economy. So a lot of domestic interest there that Beijing is trying to navigate as well.